Are you always focused on the positive aspects of your physical self instead of the negative?
"When one has low self esteem, the way you can tell is look in the mirror."
Do you see the positive parts of your personality or do you notice the negative?
"Place the thumb, place the thumb, just on the side of leg, and just kind of, you'll feel that you'll feel a little groove in there so you're not pressing up on any bones."
"Placing the palm, placing the palm and then start in a nice rocking fashion."
"Coming to the other one, and again, just in a nice rocking position."
So that is one option. Another option is if you know your dog has fleas there is something called cap star and this is a product that is oral product.
Again this is a oral preventive and this is also a oral preventive.
I'm just going to talk about three of the ones that are most commonly used and seems to be more effective.
cottion is the excess scalp of a flea so it doesn't kill the fleas but it prevents them from infesting or reproducing in your home.
"Some of the days that are the hardest are when, you know, I start out first thing in the morning and things just, like I woke up on the wrong side of the bed, or...or whatever, you know, type of phrase you want to use."
"I've got three very big jobs, three very big houses that have, you know, three and four bathrooms, and, just large houses...so, that makes for a really long day."
"And one thing that I like...I try not to do is to interfere with my client's family time as well. So, when I get a late start, and maybe I have a horrendous house that I had to clean and...and wasn't planning on it, then my day gets later and I start to intrude into their family time."
So I'm going to get in my golf position and as I swing I am going to let the shot go as hard as I can and that is really going to help me develop the habit of throwing my weight.
This is Julio Nutt at the Jim McLean Golf School.
The kids will love you for it.
I hope you make it.
"So, now, I'm getting this texture of the paint underneath of it."
"It's really, what you get for your dollar."
This is a forty-eight inch trophy.
My name is Daniel King.
It allows you to take these different threads and stitch one through the fabric and to follow along the design to create whatever design it is.
"These kits are available in most craft stores, and it gives you some flexibility as to what kind of designs you like."
"Knowing what's happening with your other team members at all times, and inside of the shifting dynamics, having the tactical skills necessary, to support, defend, and be aggressive, at the same time."
Many families begin to home school not because of concerns of academics or because of concerns of the local public or private school because they are concerned about things relative to the family.
"To do things together, to learn together and to grow together."
"Moms are already running around like chickens with their heads cut off, taxing kids here and there."
"So you vote and the majority wins so whoever you want to, its kind of a witch hunt at this point, you just pick and choose who you think might look suspicious and if that person actually is indeed the murderer lets say you say ""ah"", everyone agrees it was Joe, the person running the game knows if its Joe or not if it was Joe they say ""yes, you guys have won"", if its not they just say ""nope, that is not the murderer"", and you just, Joe has to die though and then the games goes again and again until either the murderer is killed every body off without being killed themselves or until they've been found out by the crowd."
And that's how you play murderer.
"They don't actually get to participate, so if you are playing this with kids maybe if you have an adult in the room they could choose to be the one running the game or just maybe an adult that doesn't feel like playing if its a group of adults they can run the game."
They just choose them by tapping them gently on the head.
"You just start walking around the room shaking everybody's hands with a nice greeting ""hi, how are you"", ""hi, how are you""."
In this segment we're going to demonstrate batting practice with live pitching.
"Now next, there's many companies that you can sell your vehicle to."
"And let's get our spoon, so if you find yourself in San Juan and the temperature is really getting to you, just really need something that's going to quench your thirst and cool you down, and at the same time maybe loosen you up a little bit, you can order the San Juan Cooler, or if you're just in a bar in Northern Idaho and decide you'd like a nice cocktail, you can order a San Juan Cooler there as well."
So find out whether or not you're really a new car buyer.
In this segment we're talk about negotiating on a new car.
"Also remember that when buying a new car, depending on how many days its been in their inventory, they may be motivated to sell that particular car than not."
"Remember, just because buying a car at invoice is what the dealership does, doesn't mean you have to."
"Another way to add interest to your yard, in our family we make little headstones for all our dogs that have died."
"Scooter, so that's his name in old typeset."
It may not be for you.
You can get them at Home Depot or Lowes.
And for your children if you have children that help out cleaning around the house.
Some people may prefer to use products that don't have chemicals.
"You've got very short, small bites of the little smoked salmon canapes, which is a nice contrast in height to the puff pastry cheese straws arranged in this vase, just with some decorative rocks in the bottom."
"And then we finish with our fricos, our parmesan crackers with mache, that baby lettuce, and served in an alternate way in the martini glass with just the same parmesan crisp, but not in the arced format."
"But at least two to three kinds, and bank on two minimum per person for your party."
"I happen to have this sharpening stone little system here that has three, three stones on it."
"You might, you might go from coarse to fine just to refine your edge."
Believe me.
The way to sharpen a knife is to use a sharpening stone.
The straight pair of scissors that are straight and long and then curved pair of scissors that help with around the feet and areas like that.
"And then after we finish with this exercise, when we come back and start the workouts all over again with workout one, you are going to have a lot more stability and balance to help develop more power."
I am mike Rosengart and this is my workout partner Jonsey.
"So this is the last exercise in our isolated series, working from the dumbbell rows to the hops to the lateral hops, forward hops, and now we are going to do plank position, and we are going to do dog pointers, which is the same exercise that we did in our previous workout, but this time we are going to do it isolated."
I'm Captain Joe Bruni.
"Stay safe, and we'll see you next time."
"What I always like to have nearby is my blower, just in case it needs a little extra air and oxygen to get moving."
And these tend to work better.
Cover everything.
Makeup is something that all women love to use but we also need to remember to remove it properly.
So what you're going to do is go ahead and begin to wash your face.
"Now remember, cleansing the skin is something that can be very easily done at home, and it's something that you want to do on a regular basis."
"The Wave Petunias will flower just about every day, and they'll give you a bunch of flowers from early Spring through Fall, depending on where you're at."
And then you need to continue stepping off your floor.
Usually what we try to do is build the tumbling from the lowest level all the way up to the highest level.
Now the most common tumbling pattern that we're going to use on cheerleading squads is what we like to call the X.
"Alright, we've taken a look at what it is that you're good at."
There's not a lot that originate from the East Coast.
"There are lots of other plants that come from America too, Liatris or Gay-feather is from the Midwest, and then we go down to Mexico and I have Canna Lilies, Tigridias, Mexican Feather Grass, pretty much any plant."
Most bulbs are from mountainous regions.
"Squeeze, release and pull up."
"When you finish the beading around the around the shoe, you want to make a little bow here."
"And, then just a little dot there for the tie."
"And, you'll make little dots."
"And, as soon as it gets about this big then you pull it up."
"Now, you don't want to squeeze squeeze squeeze and pull up and squeeze."
"Or as I mentioned before this would also make a great little dog toy and with doll toys, you just always want to keep in mind that you don't want to use anything that can be pulled off or get stuck in your throat or anything."
If you are going to be making this doll for a baby then I would just stick with a felt and the embroidery because there is not really any little parts that can be pulled out or anything.
But I think she's so fantastic and she's going to look so great as my pin cushion.
"If someone is attacking you or something is coming at you, it?s harder to not jump on that and act very quickly and tell somebody how terrible they are or what a jerk they are or whatever it is."
"If your turtle won't eat, that's the topic of this one, this discussion here."
You can get rid of all of that old wrapping paper.
"Pool it all together, make a bunch of hats and let the kids run around and really have a good time with them."
And I will go ahead and just place my hat on and say thank you.
"An example of consecutive rolls: here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here."
"So the whole key is, is that right at the end and that push to make sure that it's set for the next roll."
"Now, chameleons--one of the characteristics of chameleons is their amazing ability to change color."
"In the Veiled Chameleons, in males, it's called the sunburst phase."
The females turn a--sometimes an orangish or brownish color during breeding season but many females will not display a very obvious change of color during breeding at all.
"They do change colors with their environment to blend in such as browns for climbing on the trees, the greens for matching the leaves and they also turn colors when--according to their mood."
The next muscle we're going to be taking a look at is the latissimus dorsi.
Okay.
"I don't know, let's try some yellow."
"You just got to remember that, don't be afraid to put colors together."
And it just increases speed and efficiency whenever you're painting something.
Hi!
In the next segment we are going to talk about another money issue which is sponsorship.
You can have a lot of good effects kicking someone's knee out just like this.
"If I'm going to kick him in the head, I'm going to knock him down to the ground first, and then I'll kick him in the head where I don't have to stretch that far."
"If you don't use that, your stapler is going to go into the hole and it will shoot in the wrong direction."
"So, you want to have something to prop up that stapler and we'll go about every half inch all the way down the side trying to keep those staples in a nice even row."
"Again, how dark you want your brows to be."
Even everything out.
Her brows are pretty light.
"What we see a lot of players do is they'll follow through, but then they'll pull their hand back and again, that's going to pull that basketball back a little bit and not let it go ahead and follow through the proper way."
"If you shoot and you take a step back, it?s called negative energy."
If Kyle steps up to the line right here and gets himself ready.
"And it's also, cooking the food is also about seeing the color of the food in the dish."
"So, just--we'll give it one more shake, stir it once more properly."
"Again, we do not want tomatoes to be cut into very small cubes because we want to see, I mean, obviously, it will be cooked well with the masala, but you'll somehow see the redness of the tomato."
"But to power it up, first, make sure your sander is in the off position, make sure the power switch is off."
"We'll just hold the two, come around, draw it into a knot and now you can plug it in."
Notice that one pole on the extension cord is larger than the other so it will only go in one way.
They all do come in different shapes and different sizes.
So what this has it has a little catch that goes over top of here and then instead of screwing on it descends down on to the cartridge.
"Now I've got one of these large fancy sieves, it's got brushes on the bottom and it turns, and then it comes with screens at different meshes, this one is 80 mesh; the higher the number the finer the particles, so 100 would be tighter woven than this one is."
"So you're going to mix, just stir up again, feel the bottom, you want to have a large spoon."
"That's how you do it, I'm Russ Handler, and I need to make a phone call."
"You know if you take it to the office maybe as a little dessert after your lunch, that's a great idea."
"We poured it in and it was smooth, and now it looks like a rough rugged terrain that you would need a four wheel drive to go over."
Take it in.
"In this series, we're learning all about fall-blooming flower bulbs."
"But I found with all bulbs, they like to be in groups just like people do."
"They'll do a lot more water, too."
"Which again, allowing about a day to maybe even two days to dry between coats."
That's okay though.
"And we're going to measure out 2 ounces of Kahlua, and make sure you add the alcohols in this order, okay, there we go, 2 ounces of Kahlua, and one ounce of butterscotch schnapps, there we go, and the last thing you're going to do is add 1 ounce of 151 proof rum, there we go."
"And you've learned today a lot of different ways to set up adaptable seating, adaptable paddles, paddling techniques, and so forth, for adaptive canoeing programs for people with disabilities."
We have completed the lower part the base and the top part.
For the sake of what we're doing today I'm going to go ahead and say that's about as much as I want riding on the edges there.
"And I'll just do the same thing, I just set the ruler to the right."
Then you can see that it separated on the second score.
And this one's going to be feisty and I'm going to have to do a third one.
And be very careful when you're using these knives because they don't play around.
"Then I'll come over here and for me, personally, I like to pull the blade towards me but slowly, because you don't want to...."
"You want to make sure that though in between when are using different tools and stuff, you are being careful not to get too much on everything else because it's a lot to clean up later."
"Ok get that piece up so I'm going for reinforcements with my, there it goes."
You want to continue this motion here for about eight to ten reps and about three to four sets.
This will help in building some thickness in the chest.
"They're very inexpensive, easy to get."
Staging should be an interval part of your marketing strategy.
Or else sometimes I see a picture of horse races like this in the paper.
So one of the ways you can get ideas for doing a project like this is to maybe scan over some art books.
There's a lot of art books that are out there and all the old masters and different people or more modern things.
"Now one thing that I am big on is not putting glass, sorry, with glass."
"Glasses, clear glasses do not have any weight with them so if you put glass in your china cabinet you are not creating weight, you are not creating interest."
I take my one by one cardboard.
I have two sides going right down here.
"Now, what I want to do is I want to take the bottom and I'm going to fold this up."
Next thing is I shake out my shirt.
I want to make sure all the buttons are done up.
That's nice.
"So, look at how beautiful this is without any oil at all."
"Now, here's the part where we're going to peel it back, and what I'm letting the cracker known here is that I need him to let go."
I can't build a relationship with you if I can't see your face.
"Remember, only if you're funny."
That way they can keep your organized.
But a lot of people like to work straight off a piece of paper off of their outline.
That's one.
And that would be problem two.
"Now there's so many studies telling you different things about different times, about eating different meals and what's going to be best for different people."
"If you're a morning person, exercise in the morning, if you're a night person, you get a big kick at night, exercise at night."
"For the graham cracker crust we will be using 1 1/2 cups of ground up graham crackers, this 1 1/2 cups is also 1 package of the graham crackers ground up or 5 ounces if you want to weigh it."
1/4 cup of sugar and 1/3 cup of margarine.
For the ganache layer we are going to use a ganache layer and a ganache topping we are using 8 ounces of the semi sweet chocolate and a 1/2 cup of cream.
At this point we're talking about securing the artwork to the thermographic paper.
"And in this particular case, that is what we need."
"So at this point, I got gloves on, I've got the thermograph paper cut to size."
I want to form an after school program that involves at risk teens be able to overcome their differences so that we can bridge the gaps of our society and our future.
Be confident about your goals and state specifically how you plan to reach those goals.
That's a great way to do that.
BRYAN BILLHIMER: Hi.
I have a few different ones here.
That's a medium pick.
"If you're grilling and some of your meat juices or in our case brochette oil drips on your grill and you've got a little fire starting, it's always wise to keep a spray bottle of clean water."
"And in addition to that, always, always have nearby your trusty fire extinguisher."
In this segment we are going to cover the overhead serve and this is very similar to a tennis serve or an overhead smash.
"So it's a pretty good serve, the good news about it is that you are able to really drill the ball at your opponent and a lot of people if you hit the ball at an angle about their shoulder height with a lot of pace, they have a hard time with it."
And some just like to be misted or sprayed with a misting bottle.
And then they will preen their feathers to put them in the shape that they need to be in. But also you need to pay attention to their beak.
"Not 15 minutes before your race but typically 2 to 3 hours before your race, you want to have something that has some substance, some complex carbs."
Don't go into your race dehydrated.
"But the most important thing, the most important defense is going to be your topical skin application and your clothing treatment."
"So here's our facility in Milipitas, California."
This will insure maximum safety when using your tool.
"Now, although it is not recommended to use an extension chord, if you do have a situation where you need to use one to reach your location, you want to make sure that the extension chord is of the proper rating."
"The vintage shoes sometimes, they just need a little more help."
Just these ones are modern and it's great because you're going to find your size.
They look like they could be a vintage with some great detailing on them.
You might find something.
"Now, one type of vintage shoe that I absolutely love and a lot of vintage know hower's out there know they're really fun."
"But, when you look closely, these just have amazing detail."
"And never do the same trick twice, and have a good time."
It's a form of entertainment that helps people really relax.
"But again, enjoy."
So the first thing I need to do is prepare the clay for the extruder.
Number one it can help you to create the style that you would like and the style that you are looking to achieve.
The whole foot is going to be pointed straight and I'm going to hook that all the way across. Ok. That's our kicking position.
You can solely concentrate on the line up.
And then we're going to put that on there.
"Like that, put that down, see how it steams, and it's sealing it shut for us right now."
"We used the zigzag stitch around, and turn it right side out, and we actually have a little spot that we're going to slip-stitch but I had an epiphany as I was ironing, because you are going to want to just iron your placemat so all of your edges are nice and flat."
"So, how does that work in a real example?"
Now how do we practice for Tribal belly dancing?
Your chest is lifted.
An infielder's glove is much smaller.
Gloves are made up of just a very few basic things.
Right?
"It's really hard to be honest and look inside ourselves and say, ""okay, what did I do to contribute to this breakup"", if anything, maybe nothing, but, it's good for you to take a look at that and analyze it."
"Or, you maybe what we call externally driven, where you need to throw yourself in a lot of activities and laughter and jokes."
I would strongly recommend laughter is the best medicine.
So you need to be very conservative with your water use here.
"We're going to utilize straps, blocks, different variations of your seated poses."
"So what you're going to want to do is be sure that you have some blocks, pillows, some things that you'll be able to do so that when you're sitting, your hips will be higher than your knees."
"He's going to say, yes, and, and then fill in the rest of his line, and we're going to go back and forth like that until we've got our product, all the product's features, its names, and the entire marketing plan."
"And how it works is you're going to get with your team, you can break up into groups of three, of four or five I think is a good size, it could go up to eight or ten."
"If you have any questions, give your local outfitter a howler."
"What that means is you're going to have to have a pack that can carry heavier loads, but if you're able to go into town, say go to the grocery store and buy more food, then you can carry less food and just resupply as you go along."
I've got a gum eraser or some people call it a kneaded eraser.
A face of a woman.
The reason I'm having Jeff stand here is because I messed this shot up once.
I really got in trouble with the management.
Pretty simple.
What I got here is I've got the one ball and the 9 ball holding up the 8 ball.
"Take your hand, hold the 2 balls against the rail, just kind of hammer them down a little bit, rest the 8 ball on top of them, and let go."
"Alright Jeff, I want you to come here and stand right where I'm standing."
"Well of course from our starting point, there are essentially, it boils down to three types of dragons."
"Probably again there is a lot of influence on, on monitor lizards here, Komodo dragons and the like."
I have and affection for doing pupilless on dragons to make them look more mystical.
Wings basically follow a bat wing.
"They have an elbow and then essentially fingers, all stem from the same spot."
"So okay I run for this long this many hours, this many minutes, you go ahead and time your self put on a wrist watch or get someone to hold a stopwatch for you, but go ahead maybe put on some type of distance, and say I'm going to run this far and run that distance and know how well you do."
"You can slowly expand on that, and if you are trying to do a specific kind of competition, go ahead and see what those requirements are for that competition, speed is, how fast people usually do things and how do they feel afterwards."
Cause you don't want to use the fabric scissors.
You want a place cut out for your nose so you basically make a long oval and then we're going to cut out for the nose.
You just go ahead and trace it we're going to lift up the little nose guard part and come back down.
What you do when you are actually free handing something is you go ahead and just fold it in half and then we'll cut it out so the other side is the exact same shape.
"Before you start with your spray tan, you want to make sure that your area is completely covered or protected."
Maybe lay plastic or old towel.
"Maybe they have no political party affiliation, they're not interested in politics, they could care less about politics."
Or maybe politics is their life.
"We're continuing on the lips right now, this is really the lipstick application, we had put the lip liner on before."
"Then using my lip brush I'm going to completely my brush with the lipstick and make sure that it's like it's smoothly in there, there's no little bumps of lipstick on it and once you have it charged up we're going to go in and we're going on to Amelia's lips."
"But you know for stripping line and for casting, whatever you're doing, it's important to have that line anchored right there."
"No movement between here and here, just nice and tight."
One of the things that you are going to have to do is find the right espresso grind.
And you can tailor the curriculum usually to fit your talents and the way that the information will come easiest to your students.
A 28 E is an American DD.
Another example is this company called Freya.
"UK sizing is a little different, so when you're in the store and you see numbers, ask for help."
Right now we are at a big kick in this country to try to get our kids back into boosters.
The law would be changing very soon to require boosters seats to 8 years old and most booster seats goes to 80 and 100 pounds most of them now go to a 100 pounds.
The next step before you actually apply the acrylic is to just go back and double check everything you've done.
"""Nightmare"" cost you 5 and a black, which means its converted mana cost is 6."
"This means that you're getting a very big creature or a very cool creature, in which case this is both."
You can stick handle.
"You're going to want to start with your shot glass, obviously and from that point, you're going to take your first liqueur, this is a Butterscotch Schnapps."
This is a flat circular end.
"Stability, concentration and balance."
Now I'm noticing I need to hop a little bit forward to be able to reach this leg.
"And then reach that leg out, draw the chest back, breathe, chin parallel to the earth."
"Blending with it, hooking the hip."
"He's already spinning in this motion, so all I need to do is plant my hip there and draw him over."
"Hi name is Scott and I'm the owner of Climb On indoor rock climbing gym in Wilmington, North Carolina."
Rock climbing is dangerous so we do ask that you go get instruction.
Technique is very important in rock climbing to keep you on the wall and climbing efficiently.
"So you're going to continue this throughout, and you're going to let it dry, and then we're also going to add in some pink highlights, which I will demonstrate next."
"Of course, you can leave these a little bit thinner if you're worried about making sure the, where the lines are."
"We're going to try to definitely avoid having to put on two coats here, because you don't have to do a lot of the detail work which can make the paint smear."
Keep the forward knee right over the ankle.
"If you do it twice a day, you'll get better results."
The most important thing I want you to know is that you must wear sunscreen.
There's spot treatments.
I'm going to demonstrate on Megan's skin.
"One of which is when you're steeping the grain at the first part of the, of the brewing process."
Today we are discussing beer making equipment and wine making equipment.
"So, this is our floating thermometer, our basic one."
"As far as tools go, that's your basics."
"Another really important tool and a kind of a must-have tool is your clippers obviously for clipping the line, if you add and tip it or you got a knot and you need to cut your leader to retie it, you want to have clippers."
"Make a fist and push down, all the while, your left hand is just serving as support."
"You push down, into the center a little bit, with that fist that you've made and once you've made the well here, you want to check the depth, with your needle tool."
"Watch your horse for signs of reaction, watch your horse for flinching and be feeling with your hand while you are doing it."
Deep breath inhale lift.
You like to look up at your hand as you're stretching feeling it stretch and deepening the stretch along your side.
So don't worry about it.
"So what we're going to do, we actually need a mold."
"And what we're going to do is we're going to be using art glass and/or stained glass for the surface of the stone, and then it's going to be poured with a bunch of grout."
But it is a purpose for which you have that you want to represent if you win the title of the pageant.
"At home, if you're doing one or two loaves and you want to use an old fashioned method, you just have to knead it by hand."
Let's add a Hip Slide to our Choo Choo Shimmy.
Watch those ankles that they stay press in toward each other.
It's not going to curdle.
"It sounds really, really fancy but it's not."
"SAL COLLURA: Okay, now that we've gone through the days of the week, I'd like to get specific for certain events."
"If it's early, early spring, you're not going to be able to do it as much."
"It's hard, it's going to hurt, but you're done."
"Well, keep it at a point where you're not really comfortable."
You can go save dinner for somebody.
"At first, it might be a little sore, but they'll feel better and they'll look better."
"And if you notice, I'm not bending my elbows."
Lay it on there.
There's a little bit on there right now.
"When using throw bags, you really want to use them in the right situations and often people get a little over eager and use them in appropriately."
So letting them know by shouting rope nice and clearly and loudly so they can hear and you make eye contact with them is important.
Once again my name is Michelle and I just explained to you on how to care for a tooth after extraction.
You want to really rinse with warm salt water rinses.
"This was the international symbol, and definitely some place that's so remote and so you're trapped some place, very interesting."
"You can end up being saved, or not saved if you don't learn the Morse Code."
"Now of course if somebody snipped the wires and this often happened, especially in the old western days when the natives would take it, hear noise from these tall telegraph poles and all of a sudden just snip the wires because they knew again that this contributed somehow to more white people coming into their territories, and this was something that they just obviously did not want."
"And however it contributed to the advancement of communication where it wasn't just this little letter being delivered, it was a series of beeps and sounds coming through."
Another problem people experience is coming out of a frontside tailslide and riding away almost straight away like a mini ramp.
You're not going to last very long on top of the ledge with your foot only there.
"Because, if you can hit out of this consistently hitting off the grass is easy."
Because bad balance you'll hit a bad shot.
Don't ever pour your fix down the drain.
Good.
Make sure you're putting pressure on that ball of that foot.
We call this a low ibis arm.
"Step, touch."
Now a lot of women don't realize this but when you put concealer on the eyelid and put a little bit of powder on top it keeps your eyeshadow on all day and it keeps it from creasing.
"KIRK VICKERS: In the fitness world and the rehab world, these physioballs have become real popular."
But these balls are--it can be a great training tool especially when we talk about core strengthening and core stability.
"I'll show you what manufacturers were successful, and what items were not successful."
The middleweight bicycles have more of a space age look to them.
"Usually, you have double headlights."
"Got some CD players, we've got another mixing board that goes as one input to the, to the a, to the board."
"And, we have a computer that we play MP3's to, and of course, the telephone."
"And, we'll also see how to put callers on the air."
We've got our lead here and we've got a quote immediately.
"And also, you know it's pretty much a formal occasion, so you want to be formal, but not like black tie; it's not necessary."
"But then again, there's always the thought that you would have to be prone to developing OCD to begin with, so the environmental factors are actually a trigger, and not necessarily a cause."
This episode we're talking about snake bunkers.
"So, it's going to be two knees, one hand, and you're just going to crawl all the way along."
You can actually blow out your wrist if you're not careful.
"It doesn't always work out that way, but that's what you want to try to do."
"Birds need to be very comfortable in their environment to preform, especially shyer birds like greys I've had a very difficult time showing any behaviors that these birds know today because there's lights and camera and unfamiliar people in the household and it's a very, very good way to get no response out of your bird at all."
Make sure your cutting board is not going to move.
"With your left hand or your non-dominant hand, you're going to have your fingers curved."
And you're going to slice starting with about an inch from the tip and rocking down.
Always use the spine of the knife.
Let's turn them over this time so that they don't move as much.
"And I've selected celery because it has nice even stalks and it's a good, good way to practice."
"If your paper towel is saturated, get another one."
"It's not going to be exactly how a bare canvas is, but it's going to be good enough for you to start coming back in here with your red."
"It's how to make up for those little mistakes or, when your painting doesn't quite go in the direction you imagined it should go in."
I am going to set it here spin around and catch it there.
So in order to do that you need to have the set come right on the outside of your knee.
So when you turn the first view will be right here.
So this is very good for you to do.
The genie's magic lamp.
"Then we'll come up here and we'll draw the top, the little lid where they have, obviously pour in the oil and things like that."
And then we come in here and we'll draw the handle something like this right there.
It's very good for you and if everybody eats garlic nobody has garlic breath so make sure everybody eats a little bit of this.
"For instance, when you run 10 miles, and you pass your second wind, then you feel so good, so energetic, then you don't want to eat for a while."
"So as soon as I get my letters painted in, then I can or--I'm sorry--draw in with a pencil then I can paint it in."
We're doing a construction sign here and it's going to say--we're going to put another put coat on it so it's a solid orange like a real construction sign.
Now why do we do it this way?
They think that that's rooting.
"Right, so also the other mistake is that you are pushing hard and not able to root so you start leaning back, leaning back, and then you could push that person over."
"Or if I find that he's resisting, then I back off a little bit."
And you're going to take it and you're going to go all over the face.
Make sure you get every single place because this is what's going to clean all of the excess dirt that you didn't get with your exfoliator.
Doesn't that feel refreshing?
The whole package was a $1.99 and it will last to about two months.
"Now, a lot of people need to prevent acne."
Hitting a window.
Around the roll and that helps create a seal.
We should put a few layers just like we did before and again this is going to help prevent any of the rice from falling out.
"And once you've held this for about twenty to thirty seconds, you want to slowly come up, bring in your head up first, then your hands, then come back up to that seated position."
And anybody of any age can do this.
I've then multiple those two measurements together which gave me my total square footage for each section.
That's going to give me a total of 83.95 square feet and I might as well rounded right up to 85 square feet.
And that's all there is for the oils group.
Now most kids get enough of their daily intake from this category without actually having to make an effort to add things in.
I can blast him in the side with the hilt of this other knife.
"More than likely, I would've simply throw him to the ground, project him as far away from me as possible."
"He pulls back, and we go."
"Let's say, that we're going to be forced to the inside this time, and I come in."
"Alas, there are no fives, no captain."
"In this case, it's a five and a three, and so now, I would score my points."
O.k.
"I can tell the thickness on the bottom was perfect because I can see this moving through the bottom, alright."
"Now the headshot is going to cover about that much of your head, its not a full body shot, its more like a ¾ length shot, you want to have your shoulders in the headshot in order to submit it."
"So make sure you find a good photographer, research them on the internet, maybe you know one in your town but make sure its professional."
After watching this video series you are going to understand and have a better idea of what agility is and how to prepare your dog.
By exposing your dogs to these things every day they are going to become a lot less spooked and afraid and in no time will be hitting all of the obstacles on one simple run through.
"ALLYN CHRISTOPHER: All right, we're getting close."
"It actually goes over here and just sits on, and as you can tell by the fact that this is augered, we're just going to spin it on."
I'm going to leave it just about a finger's length away from the top of the mast.
All right.
"So, what you can do is actually drop your opacity down to fifty percent and your spread to about sixteen pixels."
"You want to come down over here to your effects, layer style effects tool, and click."
This is the underlying cause of several different conditions that box turtles can get.
Added to her daily diet or at every feeding will prevent vitamin A deficiency.
"Now in her case, I mega-dosed her with vitamin A. I had to receive veterinary care for her. She had to receive a shot of vitamin A, and she also had a fungus growing in her mouth and down her throat which caused her to lose her appetite completely."
That way I'm sure to not have this issue again.
"Once I have this guy out of the way, I can take and remove my belt."
There's one here and there's one here on the bottom.
"On your particular vehicle, you may not necessarily have to remove a serpentine belt tensioner."
"However, you may have to remove, say an alternator or an A/C compressor, what I'm going to do is go over with you the general removal procedures for a couple of these devices."
Let's go ahead and put some ice in a glass here and measure out one shot of light rum.
But one thing to bare in mind is everybody is different and the kinds of scents people like vary from one person to the next.
"It's very, very important that business messages not get dropped through the cracks."
"Well, how do you make sure it's accurate?"
"Okay, great."
Hi this is Yolanda Vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com.
"But the first crop I usually start in April, May and I give it water, put some water in it and leave it just in a drawer."
"And then I'll check on it every couple days and eventually the little seed will start growing, and you'll see just a little sprout."
"I've put them right into the ground before and I didn't even start them ahead of time, and they've grown well."
These came in from the neighbor's yard.
"Doing that particular job, we did not only prenatal care for pregnant women, but we also were able to do Wellness, follow up visits for their babies and infants, up to the age, of about two years of age."
So now you can see that there is wrinkles in the corner of his mouth and it always important to put the pieces in the keepers.
So I'm going to put that up a couple of holes once again tucking each piece under its keeper.
Hi!
I'm soaking my feet in a plain plastic basin with the Epsom salt in bath temperature water.
I do think that is idea.
I designate it as my space.
"Looking back I don't even know how I got anything done sitting on the couch with people walking around, talking to me, interrupting me."
"And this is going to be served as a martini, up, with no ice."
And that'll do it.
"And that'll do it. Go ahead and grab your glass. And strainer. And pour it in. Got a nice, pretty green color."
"When you approach the wall, look up, separate the ropes and grab the rope closest the wall."
"Next, grab the very end of that rope in your right hand."
"Double check to make certain that the end of the rope is in the right side of the loop, wrap the rope clock wise around the loop."
"It should come straight off, there's other cleaning mediums out there that you can look for too, they have a powder form that should be able to take your paint right off."
"You take mineral spirits, the same medium thinner that you are using for your oils."
Start to draw the heel of your left foot in towards your left hip.
You can stay here for a breath or two to get a nice long quadricep.
"Learning the cross body throw begins with grip the thumb is on the top, and the fingers are on the bottom."
This edge cuts into the air and gives the disc it's lift the arm and follow through point towards the target.
And that is the one rule that you really need to remember.
This is looking very purple actually.
"This is, happens something to do A with the fact that the colors are mixed."
I mean the blue is straight out of the jar as is the red.
"There is sort of no more blue, so it becomes more on the orange side."
"So weather it's a dark or a light color, the fact that it's a mixed color, when it's next to something different."
And that's why I became a security officer.
"In many times, incidences in my salon I have women that want all the hair off."
So this would work on a laser.
So she wants electrology.
"If you measure on the probe how deep it is, so that tells you just how deep your insertion should be."
"So, in the pan we're going to be heating our four cups of cranberry juice with the cloves, the hint of nutmeg and the cinnamon sticks."
The non-alcoholic Spiced Punch.
"Now, I'm going to mix the two cinnamon sticks with the four cups of cranberry juice."
"Like I said, just a little hint of nutmeg and a few cloves."
We're working down and up.
"We want to hit the ground and then jump back into a plank position lowered down for a push-up and then we're going to spring forward and then get into a squat, deep squat position and then we finish by ending up on top."
"Can you show us some sit-ups, please?"
Now we are going to work a combination of it.
Its really just a constrictor knot is all it is.
"Now I'll have to work it just a little bit, because there you go, pull."
"My square piece of wood is going to create problems, but if this was a round piece like a broomstick or something, this would actually tighten up a lot tighter."
So when you get done with this series today you're going to know everything you need to know for painting the exterior eaves on your house.
"Now, the sunglasses do 2 things."
It's very important that you hold your weapon correctly.
"Again, watch carefully."
Hamstring curls in a quad prone position.
"You've already got resistance to the movement, you've got position of the movement."
"But it's also going to be very pricey, and it may become even more pricey as we look at the time that we have to spend shopping."
"Some duck-billed pliers, some four ought steel wool, some round nosed pliers, a cleaning snake as well as a lacquer cloth."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about penalty kicks."
"At that point, the keeper must stay on the goal line, the official will blow his whistle, and once the ball is touched, the keeper is allowed to move from the line, to save the ball."
"So there we are, stay away, turn the light, bright light."
And you want to use tissue just a little more protection so that you are not irritating the skin as much.
Move the light over.
Are you going to be speaking to twenty people?
"Alright, now that you're good and inspired."
It's very important before you start designing any collection and every collection to have a stable of these croquis where you can just have them in a sketch pad and then you can just draw and sketch little designs on each one.
And I'll show you how to have a perfect figure in which to design your designs upon.
You got ideas circling in your head.
"Okay, to draw clasped hands, of course there are many angles you can do this from, we're going to do it from pretty much the forward angle like this, so, what you have is, I'm going to draw the back of the hands."
Remember to look for photo sources as your best bet.
Yep we are going to deep fry this and we are going to have a breading on it that is just going to taste great.
Cause once they start to get really brown they go fast.
"Alright here you go simple, easy, delicious, deep fried calamari."
You might imagine that your best friend's palm is right on the crown of your head and you're just lifting up to touch.
"You want to make sure that its a nice even log but you don’t want to smush it too much, or stretch it too much because we are trying to keep that swirl shape that we made."
I am going to use black and white.
"And we are going to roll our black, soften it up and then we are going to roll our white, soften it up."
And you are going to place one on top of the other and then you are going to try to remove any edges.
"In doing side lying leg work, you want to make sure that your entire body is stacked so that the hips are stacked one on the top of each other and you are not curled back or rolling forward."
"Point down, we are working the back."
The abs are pulled in.
Point.
And this is how to raise the tent.
"The tent's going to have two things to put it through, you can either have the poles that have sleeves that Velcro over the pole, or you'll have clips."
"Because what's going to happen is, if this guy beats his man on the drive, the only person back to help is this guy right here on defense and he's going to have to come out and try to either take a charge or stop this guy's drive."
"Then as the ball moves one pass away, we changed into deny defense."
"The main thing is, we want this guy to pointing to the ball and his man."
"A lot of people are concerned, ""What happens to my guy?"
So that's going to give you a better chance to hedge your bet.
This takes down the casino advantage to it's lowest point.
But there's also other ways to win at craps.
"First you want to hold the pastry bag in your hand like this, and with your thumb and your finger, gather up the excess bag on the top."
"Okay, let me show you that again nice and close up."
"And you squeeze, until you get a little star."
"Now you can twist the bag while pinching that top, pinching the twist, with your thumb and your finger, in your hand like that."
"Now, your strokes would be better than mine, even right now, but you'd be all fouled up with the, with the wheel chair."
"You can wear them over jeans, under jeans, or here you can pair them with leggings and they have a slenderizing affect."
"If you're wearing a dress, such as a short dress, you can wear large, clunky shoes that may or may not match your outfit."
Only they're not braided.
is going straight across the back.
"And it just gets, put over the head."
"The next variation of a vest that you can design, or that you can build on, as far as your design process goes, and again, all this stuff is for you to just try."
"It's just too short for being long, and too long for being shrunken."
Some dogs will really like it.
"Actually, what we first want to do is decide what we want to paint."
"For example, this picture here on the left, oh that tree there and that gnarled piece of driftwood which has been pushed up right by the current in the sand."
"So this one, that's out."
"You can put that around your wrist, put it around your shoulders, so just in case, when you finally go through, if you loose your grip on your chisel, you're not going to lose it, because your rope will help save it."
"It's a great way to chop a quick hole, probably only take you a minute or so."
"During mid-winter, when the ice is thick, say even thicker than six, seven inches, using a hand chisel can be quite a task."
It is very important that you practice hitting all your server turns to the different parts of the court.
"Now there is exceptions to that because sometimes they will mix up where they stand but in singles your best return is generally down the middle, but if you the player you are playing is serving and he is rushing the net, you might not want to give it right to him, you might want to be on a hit an angle cross court or go down the line."
So one of the things that you want to do is check your litter box daily to see if the stool is normal.
As long as it's still comfortable for you to be lying on your back.
Keep looking straight up.
"Release the hands out to your sides, press up onto your tippy toes, take a nice deep inhale, exhale very slowly, very gently, lowering down one vertebrae at a time."
I do have a blanket underneath her head for just a little bit of support on her neck.
And the purpose of heating the room in a hot yoga class is to create greater detoxification benefits.
"And there should be a little bit of humanity within that, that sphere of the room."
You may find various sequences in a hot yoga class where Bikram yoga is one particular sequence and one particular class of twenty six postures.
"Now, you'll notice with our edges, already sort of peeled away, you're like well, you know, some of the toners coming off, it all looks a little rugged."
That means you are scrubbing too hard.
"You gotta keep in mind that a lot of those with smoother edges, that the grays and the whites are going to be reduced down to like, you know, darker than wood."
Here's the card that we are going to be making and doesn't that look like a cute little film strip.
Now I won't cut out the chick punches until I've stamped on them.
The first one I want is just going to be his nose.
Watch how I extend my arms past my shoulders just like I did in the jump back and swing my arms quickly as I did in the arm string drill.
"They're nice, slow, single rotations and it's not because of how I'm spinning them, it's because of how high I'm throwing them."
Spinning them faster is another trick in itself just throwing them is hard enough for most people.
I've been hit in the mouth.
I had seen people do both and it hurts.
"And then the next thing we're going to add are our heavier vegetables, like our carrot, our onion and today we're using peppers."
So let's get our peppers in there.
You can leave it periodically.
"Let the vegetables heat up and in about thirty seconds or so come on back, keep it moving again."
The first thing you want to add to your wok are your fresh vegetables.
"When we're cooking with a wok and cooking Thai food, your vegetables are going to be crispy."
"There is a point where you just have to let technique go, you have to just let it sink down naturally in your body and then you have to forget about it."
There we go.
So now we continue.
"So that's kind of why I go that direction, and I don't like fast and hot and quick."
He's made the decision of electrology.
"We've chosen a pink, silver and black theme for this one and that can go anywhere."
Like say you're having a Hannah Montana party which is one of the most popular themes going right now.
You don't have to have a clasp with it.
This is all done with tiger tail.
And that's basically what I use to make basic necklaces.
Lifting it up and away from the body.
Squatting down.
It's strengthens the arms.
You can turn with it.
Now when I hit an area like this detail trim here where the headlight is.
One of the common problems we have is people use too much wax.
"You just don't need a ton, a tremendous amount of product."
If you're having trouble reaching your ankle you can come down to your calf or even back to the knee.
You want to keep it long and lean.
"So you have exhale, whoo, whoo, and switch, navel scoops."
Press.
Pulse.
Give me three more.
"The next clip with be the single, no the double straight leg stretch."
From here the legs go straight up in the air.
Reach the toes toward the ceiling.
I'm going to go ahead and flip it over.
"I mean you can obviously see that we're a little low here still, but just keeping--you don't want to dig in to this and try to make it up right now."
It's more important that it really stays flat.
"And another cool little trick is so that I don't lift makeup off of her skin, I'm going to apply the puff onto her cheek and rest my hand here while I apply the eye shadow onto her eyebrow or fill in her eyebrows."
The difference between the two eyebrows (Can I have your chin over here?)?
What we want to talk about right now is the importance of our linebackers in the 4-3 set against a passing team.
"So he's got the outside responsibilities, the middle linebacker has got anything back here."
And that's how you play linebacker dropping back in pass coverage.
So these linebackers have to be very athletic and very versatile to be able to adjust to whatever is going on.
Just even out her skin tone.
The sponge is going to pickup more pigment and in turn give a fuller coverage.
"But you really need to, really need to take a look at what your, your life styles are and try and match those up with your potential partner."
That comes from educating yourself; being the best person that you can be and making sure that you radiate that self confidence.
"And if these things are not there then you're really going to have a difficulty or difficult time moving the relationship, relationship to the next level."
Or a beer while you're watching a football game.
"Can you get along with the family? That's an important, important thing. What are your short term goals, your long term goals?"
"So you have to be aligned from that view point because if you're not then you're going to, this discongruity is going to create problems for you later on down the road."
We really need to do an introspective look and say who are we from an inventory perspective.
Are you looking to be with a professional?
Now tortillas.
"Get the good stuff, alright?"
Pain is one of those things that we see a lot of patients for as an acupuncturist and its probably what its best known for.
There is easier scheduling.
"A lot of times, if there's a middle man involved, your pay cut is pretty steep, but then your middle man is getting you...getting you clients, so that's a trade-off that you have to make sometimes."
It's also a pretty fun job if you like explaining things and it makes you feel smart.
This is the fun part and the hard part.
"Like I said, natural vanilla color."
I'm just piling it on.
"Whatever I do on top, I normally do a little bit on the bottom just so that it's all blended and smooth looking."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about, you know, different sort of safety gear that you can use to make sure that your time out on the water while you're kite surfing is going to be much more safe and, you know, definitely friendly if some sort of thing goes wrong."
"You're going to be using a board and sometimes you could be kiting in shallow water, so you know helmet an absolute must if you?re trying, you know, learn a new trick, you're just getting into the sport or you feel like, you know, it's an overpowering conditions and you might just want a little extra protection."
"Number one thing is...I believe...is probably the way that you're holding your bow. You want to make sure that you have a loose, but comfortable grip on your bow."
"We've added one single stitch to the end of the second row, and now we're going to flip over the bracelet and go back the other way."
You have the 2 loops on the crochet hook.
Hi.
I'm here to talk about how to choose your reception menu for your elegant beach theme wedding.
And be consistent.
You need to have something that's not going to be very visible under the clothing.
"Something that some people may not expect when they get into modeling, but it is important."
You need to be able to do full make-up and hair whenever the client requests it.
Off-season training for football.
Because jewelry is so diverse you don't really have to stick with a certain style all the time.
"So another thing that you, you want to look, you want to see, do you use the room often enough?"
"Even if it's a beautiful room but you don't use it often enough, so the energy becomes stagnant."
"You've got it protected by the glass turn table most of the time, so you don't have to worry about this being cleaned."
"So, if you don't do it in a matter of about one second, you'll actually have to start a fight with the guy and it might be a gun shot and that sailor almost guaranteed to catch you."
"So, it worth trying to get that right, right out of the gate since it is the very first thing you do in the mission and then that's one least guy you have to worry about."
"It's something that you had in your basement, or you bought it at a yard sale; you didn't get ripped off at a flea market."
This original paint is worth more like this than it would be if it were repainted.
It's just a very simple science presentation.
"Did you know that you have carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium and phosphorous?"
"So if you point that out to people and show them what your all made out of, it's quite a interesting spectrum and it makes you so human, it really does."
"And I like this because it kinda just lifts me up a little bit too, and blue because I always like to add a little bit of color."
"This is a party dress and this is more a sexy, sleek, red carpet dress."
"It's really hard picking a dress, isn't it?"
"HARMONIE KRIEGER: So, basically it's what's flattering to your own body."
"So, how do you feel in this dress, do you like it?"
I love it.
"Now, the makeover is not just for the red carpet."
"Again, this one is Germ-X."
"It's what we're using today, but if you have access to soap and water it's best to go ahead and use that."
So if your going to be walking with your dog on leash in the woods there's a couple of different kinds of leashes you can use.
There are some places that have a maximum of leash length of 6 feet and if that's the case you want to have a leash thats approximately this long.
Okay so now that we have our button off.
Oh no it doesn't.
So just kind of bypass one hole.
It's stuck in there really good.
And I'm just going to hold the button and just gently slide it down the thread to where it's fitting right there and then I'm going to go look where I have the knot and just go right below the knot and stick it through to the other side.
There you go.
And I like to put it in then turn it over and look at the back side at the same time.
There we go.
"Get the needle, just wrap it around."
And now we that button sewn on.
"This is a print, a print is a piece of art that has been replicated."
"So I'll set here, I'll have the ball, I'll be dribbling around, I might kick it with my right foot, I might kick it with my left, I might switch it back, I might kick it between my leg and spin it on the defender."
And that's what they call dribbling.
"Just like in basketball, basketball players use their hands."
"Begin, by just smelling the page."
"For men, choose Details and Esquire."
Today we're going to talk about how to pick out and care for a good celery plant.
You can use any basic fertilizer.
It's got a plant in each little spot for the four pack.
"If you're going to put them in the ground you definitely want to use soil, if you're going to put them in a container, use a good potting mix."
I'm Dr. Eric Sayer from Sayer Family Chiropractic.
You'll cause other problems.
That is the major conflict.
The major conflict is what is the biggest conflict in the play?
"Every play, every movie, every character, has major conflict, which is the big one and a lot of little minor conflicts along the way."
"In ""Equus,"" the major conflict is not that Alan blinded the horses and is in trouble."
We try not to use anything with any alcohol or any solvent in it.
"As you jump, you're just going to squeeze your feet together."
That's why Michael Jordan can jump so well.
"I recommend that you start with something small, maybe like a garden hose."
Hi!
I brought them out just because I thought they'd be fun for you to look at and then give you a little bit more information on what you are looking at when it comes to safety gear and what you can look for to buy when you're ready for the track.
"And that is from wrist to above elbow and from below elbow to shoulder and a full back plate with full leg plate, full knee part on them which means that you have your knee armor."
Just go a head and make sure that you have marked evenly.
Now you will go from the top of the shoulder at an angle to the center of the waist measurement or the center of the waist.
Now this will give you the proper measurement.
"This is your starting point, right here."
And that's step five when you're beginning the breath stroke.
"So, when you start off doing breath stroke, I showed you how to do your legs, and you want to make sure that your arms are like this under the water."
"We just shake some mulch out in the area, spread it around, because I don't have too many plants right here I can put it down in a fairly thick level."
Out here in my back yard I have a liberal supplied of pine needles. Thanks for the pine tree I put over my hedge here these guys are not so much use to here in the north east but I know a lot of people down south are really fond of using my needles and you can even find them in a bag mulch down here.
"Now, once you are at home what you are going to do is use a blow dryer and blow your hair straight up as far up as you can get it."
Press down.
Press and lift all the way up.
Good again.
Bring to the left.
Press down all the way.
And left.
Down through center and down.
Same rules apply.
Keeping the shoulders pressed away from the ears and press all the way up.
"These scissors can be used for trimming around the eyes, trimming around the face, trimming around the feet."
They do make left handed scissors.
I'm going to show you 2 types.
It cooks relatively easily and evenly.
Every country in the world practically grows rice where there's any kind of a warm tropical climate.
Jasmine rice is a Thai rice.
"It's kind of the, part of the family of sweet rices."
"Hello, I'm Robert Nizza, with the BTI Group, in San Francisco."
"If it's a family lawyer, or a family account that never does business deals, it's exactly like going to a foot doctor, to have brain surgery."
"Number two, would be hiring a business broker, or perhaps an attorney, somebody like that, that has transaction experience, having a contract with that person to represent you."
Those can go into the package.
We're going to come into the sidekick.
Next we'll be talking about the benefits of hot stone.
The increased heat from the stones and the deep tissue work can further lengthen these tissues making it problematic for after birth when the tissues are trying to shorten.
And telling you this is helping us educate people about hot stone.
"For example, you can be a corporate speaker which would go into the actual corporate offices and you're involved in doing training programs or you're just doing motivational speaking or helping the others raise up their expectations."
"The other type is network speaking where you're going to be going into networking mixers and you'll be there and you'll be your keynote speaker and you may have to speak anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes, just depending on the venue that you're working with."
"And then you have, of course, associations and clubs and all the other varieties of speaking."
The ultimate in public speaking would be if you're a keynote speaker that travels into a major hotel to where you'll have thousands of people in the audience and you'll be the one on stage that's there to move them through a journey in public speaking.
Ok. We're going to go ahead and take off the rubber band and we're going to just follow along the line of our part.
"If you have a very round face, a v-neck could kind of help take away from that and bring some length down to it."
It goes high up on the neck.
"So, these different cuts flatter different types of head shapes, face shapes and bust lines."
"Nothing wrong with an apple, but as you can see, there's lots more we can do."
"There's a supplier for the restaurants, and I will not mention them, and they supply almost every restaurant I've ever been in the back room and I find this company name and it's just not quality."
"You can taste it, and wherever they've cut corners where they could, they did."
We are getting ready to paint a picture.
"We see them from all different angles, so you have to paint them from all different angles."
"I'm not having to look at a paper, again, kind of like an impromptu, so I can make really good eye contact and I can also move around."
The one other time that it's okay to stand and walk around is if you're conducting a wading maneuver and you're taking it very slowly and carefully.
"They'll actually be able to spot it, and see it a lot better."
So now I've shown you how to finish coloring your kite with permanent markers.
"If you want to make it a little quicker, what you can do is you can take the plastic yourself, and you can make the outline, and have it ready for them, so all they have to do is just come and fill in the colors."
"So, this step is a key step in the kite making when you're organizing projects for kids, or anybody for that matter, and it helps you really stick to a type of time schedule that meets your needs."
"So, if you're going to fence competitively, in a USFA competition, that holds true in the United States, there are some regulations that differ in Europe and other countries, but for USFA this is everything you're going to need."
"Again, you want to size your glove properly before ordering."
Your Plastron; you're required extra underarm protection.
"Hi, I'm Kelli."
And another thing that you can do is use a really good oil-free foundation and oil-absorbing powders as well.
One of the easiest things that you can do to help with oily skin is actually use a really good hydrator.
"You want to clean around your toilet, you want, when people come in, friends, people are going to, this is where your guests are going to go so you want to be sure that your powder room is very clean, toilet is cleaned out."
You want bright lights so people can come in and check their makeup.
You want to be sure that it has the things that you need in a powder room.
"So, ready golf is a good part of etiquette."
"Feet are going to be hip width apart, slight bend in the elbows, and you want your palm, the back of your hand and your elbow and your wrist to line up."
"So, there's no need to always throw away every single plant you have just because there's little bit of mold. Mold is not the end of the world."
"So, there are some problems that you can have with bulbs but there are easy solutions."
"So, you enjoy their company while they're here and not take it personally, and there are always more bulbs that you can purchase."
Hi!
Now what we're going to do is we're going to actually bake our squash for a little bit.
"Wolf is pretty prevalent; wolverine is getting pricier, very little trapping of wolverine in this state, so we usually get it from Northern Canada."
The ruff is sort of that piece that goes around the top of the hood and a ruff will gather close to your face and keep the frost bite off your cheeks and nose.
This is a really good parka and Linda bought me; this is a Wolverine Double Ruff; wolf on the outside and wolverine closest to your skin.
The 2 vest pieces of fur to keep frost off your face.
Now I'm going to be cutting out the garlic.
Hi I'm Jessica Meiczinger with Simply Divine Events and I have been planning weddings for over a decade now and today I'm going to talk about how to design ideas for a garden themed wedding reception.
If you go to your specialty baker they can help you out with that. Another idea is to instead of doing a floral centerpiece on your table you can actually do miniature wedding cakes in the center of each table so that way your guests just serve themselves at the end of the dinner or you can do miniature cakes at each place setting.
"Now, what we do is where I have a mounted, then we can just take a screw and put through each hole and that holds it in place."
The only thing we have left to do here is to put our floor board in.
"So, let me see if I can get it in position here."
Make sure we can pass the qualification.
"Go to the driving range and make sure that you are up to par, we know our cars and if situations happen that we can handle our cars safely."
The computer is probably the number one thing we use all the time.
They're just muscle relaxants.
"It is a big topic there is a lot to it; there is a lot of things to go over in vegetable gardening, there is a lot of places to make mistakes but in all to all mother nature is along for the ride and she is going to help you out, help you find the right things to do."
That's what a 720 would be.
"And then a regular 720 is you jump two rotations in the air, and you're going to through a hook kick out of it or a crescent kick, okay?"
"And orange soda will do, since you're mixing it up with some super strong liquor, doesn't really matter on the quality there."
Got a nice orange shot with a lot of alcohol that you're really not going to taste a whole lot.
"But, at some point you want to start correcting them and as soon as they ask you, you want to give them a correction so in this case, the child wrote wun the way it should be written phonetically but that's not the correct way so if they ask you how do I write it?"
Here to the farthest one away.
What that will do is ensure that the wheel is torched down flat and centered.
You're going to want to let your jack creep down very slowly.
Never be the guy that gets hit.
"They're going to get hit anyway, so they might as well be the hitter, not the hit tee."
"So, always remember, initiate the contact."
It says right here what the temperature is you need to get.
This is Kodak dectal paper developer.
"So that's how you would want to apply a primer, prior to your foundation."
"Silicone is a breathable barrier for the skin, so it's going to allow oxygen in and out of the follicles, so it will not clog the pores and it also will prevent breakouts."
"And once again, it all has to do with the joint issues, okay?"
"And there's actually a condition called ""tennis elbow"" that when you do your back swing, it has to do with all the muscles that contribute to your back swing, and then with golfers, you're swinging forward."
My name is Gabriela Garzon at G.G.
"So there's par fives, there's par fours, and there's par three's."
"Now those are the distances the pros play at but for the recreational player the distances might be not quite as long, but that's generally what it is."
If you really are interested in this topic there's some good books or other reference material you can scour and really learn what all this stuff means.
I'm here talking to you today about liners.
What they are is a accent piece for your frame to ensure that you have a little classier look about it.
"But you and this fellow say ""one, two, three"" and show your chip and show each other your hands."
I'm going to break it down pretty simple for you.
"Today I'm one thirty seven, lot's of muscle mass there."
And some of these websites even have questionnaires.
"And then the great thing is you can print this out, take it to your physician and say, ""hey, I took this test, and this what it came out, what do you think?"", so it can actually be a very good tool."
"If you're a family member, same thing applies;"
When it's flat it's up to the ridge.
"If you let it sit, the juices tend to stay in."
As the panel has two panel repeats this further allows for a 35 inch offset to the right and a 37 inch offset to the left.
"Again, fasten the first course through the back shelf and lay two courses of tile at one time to assure accurate panel fitments."
"If they hear you saying certain things and people pay attention to you then they decide, well, maybe if I say something then I'll get your attention too."
But then at the evening time I go back and use that same phrase again.
"Like I said, they want your attention at all times."
"Get your tin, pour it in just like that, give it a good shake, you're going to grab your glass, pour it in just like that."
"David: They can be, yea."
"Teri: What color would they be, if there was one?"
David: No.
"Teri: Okay, mud?"
Teri: Sorry.
"My name's Jill Weiss, and those are just a few tips on how to throw a curve ball in slow pitch."
Actually spinning my wrist to have that downward motion with the ball.
"Now the opposite, if I was going to have a right handed batter, I'm going to slice it underneath, okay, to get that spin this way."
See how nice and tiny and beautiful?
So we have our fresh garlic if you just give it a good break you can see all the cloves come out we need about 6 7 cloves.
These are razor sharp needles and any burrs or anything like that will affect your tattoo in performance.
You are going to want to hold it from the top and the bottom and insert the needle through the front and you can hold it with your fingers like such and you apply it onto the bar that is here.
It can't really wiggle around.
Now you can see that it is arced down.
"Usually when people are complaining of tired or stressed looking eyes, makeup is the first thing that they go for, so whatever you know your clients are doing to help brighten or open or de-stress their eyes is probably fine and what makes them comfortable, so definitely don't discourage your clients in doing their regular routine."
"But of course getting an eye treatment is, would be beneficial in helping to reduce their concerns."
Then we are going to leave this seed in because we are going to remove this later.
This is going to go about 30-40 minutes until they are fork tender.
We have 2 small and one large earring.
"For necklaces, you'll see this particular necklace starts off with a large pendant and then you have 3 jade beads with connectors, and you have 3 diamond shapes as well."
Enjoy.
Alright.
Now you have here what is called a Sicilian Kiss.
All right the drink we're about to make is called a Bacardi cocktail.
"As far as drainage, make sure it has extra pearlite, vermiculite, or sand, because it does need a good deal of drainage."
I'm going to put mine on this one today.
Don't let anyone touch it.
"Once it dries, it's done."
They're all nice and in one direction.
It's going to dry like that.
As in Christmas ornaments or some more smaller patterns or some more smaller items.
"Since you move your inner thighs back, then, draw the tail bone down, that's it, and then inhale and lift up."
Mixed Martial Arts is excellent for children because it builds self-confidence in them.
You don't have any fear about that today's extensions are good until October that's right you get automatics 6 month extension to file your taxes and all you have to do is tell your tax man.
"Filing your extension does eliminate the penalty for late filing so if you quit don't have it quit together, file that extension and your good until October, thank you."
So that it'll help you out in the long run.
"OK, then you're going to have to find something to ignite it with."
To build this you're going to look for some small kindling.
"Small dry stuff leafs, pin straw."
"Again, it has just lower case, no capital letters."
"So a recommendation might be to write a whole string of letters, that one for each letter of the alphabet."
Today we're at Deluxe Clothing Store where we sell resale clothing and local designers fashions and we also do alterations.
And sometimes it's a matter of just kind of reweaving a little hole.
But if it's a little part like this you want to get close but not to close to the edges because then it'll just pull out the broken threads.
You want to make it kind of blend in as much as possible with the knitting or the grain of the fabric.
And this repair today will be mending a hole in a sweater.
But I think this one is pretty successful just doing it once over like this.
So you just leave about an eighth of an inch.
So that's just an easy stitching of a hole.
So you can make them into a lot of different things once you get going.
It won't dull your blade.
One of the things that's very important as we begin to think about identifying birds in the field is to sort of understand what we need to look for.
"For example, habit."
"For example, the way a bird flies."
And the other positive thing about doing silk flowers is that you can just bend and arrange them any which way you like.
"We aren't really in to eating a big, mature lettuce; we want the lettuce when it's young, when it's full of the young nutrients."
"You got your roasted garlic and believe me this roasted garlic is gonna be wonderful, you're gonna love it."
I take it out and what I do then is I just get some tin foil and I actually wrap them up like a baked potato then.
Applying customized image maps to props and figures in Poser is a great way to change the look of things and to give your scenes a really unique flavor.
"Now, issues with this are pressing too hard, that may cause constricting or restriction of blood flow to the brain, especially while exercising, could compromise that blood flow to the point where you become light headed or even pass out."
"During a fast race, the less time that you have to spend taking your pulse, so utilizing the 6 second version, will actually minimize the time that it takes for you to get an accurate reading."
It’s good to make sure that you also get your daily recommended supplements or intake of vitamins and minerals.
Kind of like you're standing at the bus stop.
"So this is three, now we're going to go back this way, exactly the same inside turn footwork."
"So we're going to start with our left foot, turn left, right, left, and basic, back, rock, together, so you end up facing the same way that you started."
Okay folks in this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a Capuchin monkey.
"Then of course add a little personality, he goes kind of come up in the angle of his eyebrows a little bit."
"Start by drawing sort of an odd oval shape, which will be the foundation for your head."
Just like that.
"Now we've got his back kind of going already, so kind of come down here and draw the fur along side his back, coming up here and give him a tail."
If you got that down you've got yourself a nice little Capuchin monkey.
"In jacking the vehicle, to make the jack raise, you simply crank the nut in the right position."
And we want to continue to raise the vehicle with this jack just about as high as the jack will get it.
"So, in this segment, we'll cover jacking the vehicle with your emergency or spare tire jack that comes with the vehicle."
The only exception we have is we're going to use the jack to raise your vehicle and then we're going to put blocks underneath it and lower it back down and set it on the blocks or a jack stand and that's going to provide as a stable platform to work on the vehicle with.
"Put your finger and thumb together, let the elastic roll off into a little knot."
You can actually keep track of all that information right in the computer and in addition to that there's another place that you can store information besides tracking it yourself on excel spreadsheet.
The third column consist of the nationality so for instance you get buy certain Barbie dolls like Caroling Fun actually come in African American doll the same as a blonde doll.
"So you have to keep track of that and then if it's a series I put that on there it it's a pink label, or some set of series at if 5 dolls came in that you want to track and keep that there as well."
So this is an example like I said of the list of the tracking list that you can keep track of you can actually even do a database on your computer if you so desire if you know access database or some of the other types of applications that are out there.
"And normally after five to ten hours, it depends on how hot your wood is you just open the screws, you remove this knife here that's a two bladed knife so you can one times, just turn it around and use it on the other side."
And when the material comes in here and this thing is turning then it cuts chip by chip off the wood that's coming in here.
"You can buy compost, you can buy potting soil or you can buy compost or potting soil at pretty much any local garden center and it might be a little bit of money but you can buy a big truck load for not really in the scheme of things a whole lot of money."
Work on top of it or dig some of it out and put some good soil in.
"So pretty much you cannot fix your bad soil, give it up."
Also sorority girls seem to like something to cover all the garments that they need from one event to the next.
"Sometimes I just use old foam board and I make things out of them like that but those are lighting, flash lighting accessories that you can use in photography."
Now one really cool thing about that is that you can essentially use your flash and you can bounce it off of low ceilings thus not giving such a harsh lighting effect when people use on camera flash.
Those are pretty essential accessories to me.
"Also Rob could say, ""No!"
I would never go to the theater.
So belly dancing really is all about that personal expression through using your body.
"I'm Johanna Krynytzky with Hip Expression Belly Dance studio, telling you about belly dancing."
It's a dance where you're learning to move around and to be comfortable with your body.
Keep them all in one section of this container so I have a place for my longer knife.
It?s going to go forward.
There's so much balance needed to do this.
"And a good one to do is to stand up on it, and use your handle to get really familiar with the top of the unicycle here."
We have not started rolling yet.
So this is an external rotation.
"Up, up, has this nice twisting action."
And then she's going to fire the other hand straight up and pull it straight in.
And I'm looking for the center.
"This is basic drill combos, kick boxing."
"OK, this one is a stationary drill."
"So when we are protecting ourself, one, we're looking to protect ourselves with our feet, but two, we do look to protect ourselves with our blade."
"You want to practice being loose and controlled and relaxed as you do this, because the looser your chain is, the easier it is to continue your project."
"Then you'll twist it all the way around, grab your yarn with your hook, and pull it through the loop."
"To start your chain stitch, you're going to grab the yarn with the hook part of your crochet hook, then you'll pull that through the loop that's already on your hook."
And you will have another loop on your hook.
Think of them going under the other one.
Under.
"If you get confused, just come back to split time circles and try again, starting with your right hand leading up to your left shoulder and around."
"Again good deep motion, you can get alternate deep strokes going."
All those muscles are interconnected.
Working around to the hip bone and even on to the very top edge of the gluteal muscles.
"We exhale on contraction, which that's the contraction phase on the lift and your forcing that energy, shooting it right out through your heal and release."
"You lay it down with the glue face up, adhere it to the picture like so and place your matte back over the picture where you want it to be."
"I usually run my thumb over the back of it like so, so I can ensure that I get a good set on my tape cause you don't want it to come off later in your picture to fall."
As popular widespread as fun as Texas Holdem' is it may have actually become pedestrian at this point.
"Well here is a game that gives you holdem' the holdem' layout, the holdem' type game but adds an extra element of skill and even an extra card to holdem'."
So put a peony cage around them.
"They are an old time favorite in old fashioned gardens with huge blooms in the springtime and then after they're done blooming, it makes a nice little green shrub in any type of a flower bed or a shrub bed."
"The herbaceous types that die down to the ground each year and then emerge with new leaves each year, or the tree types."
"When planting peonies, make sure you prepare the soil with some nice, organic matter."
"Class A normal everyday combustible like wood, paper and cloth."
You go to the bathroom; while you're washing your hands go ahead and wash up here too.
Less is more.
"Vaseline Intensive Care, Lubriderm fragrance free of course."
"And all of them have a little bit different way of doing it and your artist will give you, actually most states require that your artist gives you written instructions as you leave the studio."
"There are things you want to look out for when you're healing a tattoo such as cleaning products like if you're cleaning your bathroom and you just got your sleeve done, you might not want to get bleach all over your arm."
"Hi, this is Rachael Richardson with Nutrolution in South Beach Miami, Florida."
The most important thing that you do here is you start with healthy grocery shopping and start with planning.
"So, when you look at what you're putting into the board, make sure that you really have an understanding of while you're having fun with it, what it really means to you, because if you connect into it on an emotional level, then it's going to have more meaning for you."
"So, that's why I got pictures of two trees."
And now let’s think about how you can enrich your community by having a fabulous gallery.
"What I have done is typically when we have a turtleneck, we will see it folded down and smooth."
If you don't flip it over.
This one is very important because it's a major life threat and you could die from it very quickly.
This will come in spirits with every time your heart beats.
"What they are is capillary, venous and also arterial."
"You could even use this hairstyle on every single drawing that you do and just make it uniform, throughout."
"ALEXSON ROY: So our next related sports massage athletic condition is mostly what gymnasts and swimmers get, and that's problems with their latissimus dorsi, which is also known as big swim."
Push down and then out.
It's just depends.
"You're like competing that way, do it."
You're probably going to have to forego that route.
"And if you win any award, it's always good to say ""Oh I won so-and-so award""."
It doesn't mean that distributors going to pay more money or whatever.
"In this clip we're going to learn how to improve our math skills, and don't fool yourself."
The first thing you could do is practice every day for 15-20 minutes especially if you don't have any homework.
Before long you'll be using this trick to help you learn other tricks and it will help you learn how to keep your body with skateboard moving at all times.
Practicing these tricks will help you learn how to move with the skateboard and not against it.
Now most people have the idea that working on a pool you're not really getting a great fitness workout.
"But, it would give them an entirely different impression of me because I say to them, ""What would you think of me as a professor if I did that""."
"And the answers are always completely different, than what the initial perception was because of the way I dress."
And everybody has a different style.
This is another way of selecting the things that you want.
"So come over here and what you're going to do, your going to hit your Quick Mask button which is this button here, with the square and the circle inside of it."
But it's not really a Selection.
What it is is an Inverse Selection.
There we go.
And next we'll add a half ounce of cranberry juice.
It's always best to start out with a short amount of line and learn to cast it well before you go for the gusto and the distance.
"But, it doesn't have to be a freak out."
I've done a rough sketch with the pen.
I paint the way I feel intuitively that I should go.
"Hi, I'm Chris Murray, and I'm going to show you how to warm up using touch drills."
This is another way to really get your legs warm for a soccer game.
"Here is another couple of examples of what the Holga does, and does fairly well."
"And their evidence are the things that they have found in research that prove these arguments to be true, or support these arguments."
I'm going to slip on the handle.
"Just due to the style of vehicle you may be working on, you may have to do some pressing and change your cup configuration."
What I did was take my cup from the bottom and moved it to the top.
What I'm going to do is loosen up my clamp and get it out of the way.
The ball joint press itself has a hex head on it which where you are going to put your socket at.
Those are the only one's that they have on the market.
I have one here handy.
"And, what you do with this is you put your negative in here and you close it."
"When I talk about printing, I am going to show how to do it on the light table."
"Now if you have a loop which is very rounded, that might be, like that , like that, you see how rounded it is, and that means a person who is very open to other people's ideas, what we call in hypnosis, suggestible."
"Another type of loop, is a loop which is actually pointed at the top, if I can do that, or at the bottom, pointed, now I didn't do that very well, but you can try and see what I mean there, anytime you have this point here, that indicates a level of neurosis, that's kind of like over thinking things."
"What you want to do is completely avoid e-mails and voice-mails if you can, until you're completely done with your most important things for that day that you need to get done."
"I know for my self, and I've talked to a lot of other people who work at home, who have found that, who has somewhat challenge, when you're constantly checking your e-mail, there's always something coming up that you can do."
"This is just an example of a Ansonia Ironing Clock, but spring driven."
Come back.
Separating the scapula to release those muscles in your back.
Bring your hands to the back of your head.
"And the third benefit is no muscle soreness, which is one of the greatest inhibitors to the continuity in an exercise program, because if you're sore the next day, you're not likely to get up and go at it again."
"It can either burn fat, or it can burn sugar."
"And I'm just going to grab the pants, the lower layer and the fold, all at once, and I'm actually going to make several tacks just to go through this, because I don't want that to come apart."
"And I showed you how to do a whip stitch earlier, so let's just review."
"Okay, so let me get my needle out, and enough thread to go around the leg."
"Okay, so, I'm going to start right here where these have overlaps, and I'm going to, I'm just going to move that thing out of the way."
This is one of the few things that you kind of need to know about steam binding.
"In an indoor climbing situation you can use many different types of faces, cracks, hand-holds to begin the learning process of climbing."
Again in a safe controlled environment of an indoor rock climbing gym.
"Some of these skills may include knots, how to belay somebody, sport climbing, trad climbing or setting up a top rope in an anchor class."
"Today, we're going to talk about advanced encaustic painting."
And I thought I would just point out things like trees.
So again you need to make sure that you put a bit of elbow grease into this.
"When you're going to hit the ball, most times it's going to be right in the center."
"First, I want to show you low English."
"This time when I hit the ball, I'm going to use high English, which is above center, and the ball is going to follow."
"Now, similarly there's left and there's right English, and that does the same thing."
What that does is it forces me to shoot through the ball.
What I'm going to talk about now is spotting your print.
We are going to pour in just a little splash of grenadine.
Cheers.
Next were going to do a few really good squeezes of lime juice.
Go ahead and shake that up.
"In addition to bringing sunscreen to protect yourself from the sun, you also need to bring bug spray."
"Especially, if you're going to be camping near a body of water, there's almost always going to be mosquitos because the larvae hatch in the water."
"Next I am going to show you what is known as the backside fakie 180 also known as a half cab and contrary to the original backside 180 that I showed you that even I have a lot of difficulty with on the ground, this is much easier to perform."
"Hi, I'm JK Dooley, I'm a professional artist, and today we're talking a little bit about giclee reproduction."
The nice thing about actually canvas and paper is there are really a lot of sizes that you can choose from.
Food is a backpacker favorite topic.
Eggs you want to have ones that when you rehydrate I refer the ones that you can actually kind of scramble in a pan I think they taste better that the ones that you just rehydrate and eat the bag.
But you don't always have to go this rout there is also things at your local grocery store a Lipton's noodles and sauce Ramen noodles.
"Today we're at Chapel Ledges in Ashfield, Massachusetts, Trustees of the Reservation Property and in this series I'm going to be talking about rock climbing gear."
We pull up the shower pan and the pee trap is assessable we wouldn't have to break out the concrete again.
"Right now, the gauge is indicating, with none of the balls floating, that my antifreeze, or for demonstration purposes, I was using water, is going to freeze at 32 degrees Fahrenheit or 0 degree Celsius."
There are freeze plugs inside of it that will actually pop out and explode causing massive coolant leaks and things of that nature.
"This simple step and for the cost of the tool can save you, possibly, a horrible engine repair."
On the hydrometer is a scale which will measure at what temperature my antifreeze is going to freeze at.
We're going to start at the top with -40 degrees.
"Now if you feel like you still want more of a challenge, bring your hands in, on your toes, and go out to the side, together."
"But, hold tight, I'll show you some other variations."
Your hips are down.
You're going to bend at your elbows.
"If you're an amateur hairstylist and you're looking to find a way how to clean off that nasty product off your curling iron, well I'm a professional so let's take it from me."
"So, there you have it, just a few tips on how to stay clean."
Our tools are pretty few.
That's really it.
And we'll come out and start drawing the rest of his hulking body.
And their little front ways position.
"And then the way we'll draw his wings, seems to me flies sort of have distinct wing shapes, so what we'll do is we'll draw, we'll try to draw his wings as fly shaped as possible."
First we'll add some detail to the eyes here.
"We'll come in and we'll draw lines going across, just like this in both directions."
This type is a Pierrot capelet.
"If I walk around with just my regular boots carrying all my gear, be it the auger or my tackle, there's a good chance that I'm going to slip, I'm going to hurt myself, maybe break some equipment."""
Very relaxed muscles.
Don't be off balanced.
Be comfortable.
Why is a lunge important?
The county jail basically houses people in the forms of pods where they have several different rooms inside of the pods and you're living in a space that's extremely small without any storage.
That lock box is usually about 2 1/2 x 1 1/2 feet and it's about a foot deep.
Under those circumstances you begin to realize that there are certain things you have to do in order to be comfortable and healthy as well.
"He turns his upper body right away, he runs over."
It does not even look good.
"So now we will show you what you want to do, as opposed to that."
"Alright, we've introduce forward rolling."
Okay.
The function of a ball.
"So, the match sticks, actually, fit nicely across the top of the windmill, they don't have to fit exactly the same measurement as the top of the carton, but if you lay them across, if you double them up, even though they hang over a little bit, they still fit nicely onto the side of the milk carton, and we only have to do one side, the side, obviously, in the front, that's going to be seen, and we go all the way down to the bottom of where it angles, and starts going vertical again."
"So, you can move each finger independently of the others in a stretching fashion."
But that's something - wearing a night guard is something you definitely want to wear on a consistent basis every night.
You can use this with punches but usually you use this with just slaps.
"So we're going to start off like we always do with making sure we have our distance, eye contact to let each other know that we're going to start the movement, then I'm going to wind up like this."
We're going to do the same on the opposite side of the deck by the spindles and handrails.
"And what we can do, we'll brush that in. But we'll do that as we go. And as we work our way across the deck, we'll brush that in there and blend that stain out so we've got an even color when we come in with our mop head."
"And so, this is the chart that makes our course."
"We've gone over the hook, the act one hook."
These are the elements of a plot of the play.
It's nice to be able to use around areas or curves where a tape measure wouldn't fit.
The calipers are used to measure the wall thickness of your bowl.
"You do have to get this from a wood turning, or wood working specialty store."
"The shortstop is one of those positions, where they are probably one of the strongest arms on the field."
"Just remember, as a shortstop, that you've always got to be thinking."
"You could be charging a slap, a bunt, but you've always got to be communicating."
"Communicating with your second basemen, on who's covering."
"Communicating with your third basemen, in case there's a steal."
"So here, again, we're going to have a hilltop."
And then everything else fades off into the distance.
"The lower zone that represents the lower strokes, alright?"
Or you might find that their upper or lower zone is very pronounced.
"So if you were to write a word such as happy, that can show you all three of your zones. H-A-P-P-Y."
Usually a pencil will have a conical tip on it but what we want to do with our pencil is take a little piece of sandpaper and put the pencil flat on the sandpaper and rub it back and forth like that so we make a chisel point.
"Where in these beds if they don't come from the top or from artificial means, it ain't going to happen."
And you're just compressing the clay and smoothing the surface.
"So in order to make a nice big slab with the rolling pin, I'm going to stretch this out a little bit more."
"In doing this, this will take all the excess water out from underneath the masking tape."
"Now that you have this side, this acts as your hinge."
"First, before you actually apply it, you want to find the center mark of the roof of the are that you're going to mark."
Go to 1-800-USA-RAIL or do what I do.
This is Amtrak's website.
There are coach and business classes.
This one is micro suede.
"It's my thing, it's what I like to do."
It will actually remember your uncles in step and the shape of his foot and how we walks.
And you can see here he created a dark versus a light and that has to do with how close the lines are together and how thick they are.
"He uses very thin lines where it's very light, he uses very thick lines where it's dark."
"So using the blocks, that's going to help her be able to balance more easily and elevate the floor a little bit higher so it can take out any problems she might have with tight hamstrings or a tight low spine."
Yes.
"So she needs to focus and breathe, maybe even come through a little arch in the spine as she presses her hand right down into the earth and lengthens up with her foot."
"Today I'll be showing you how to remove your old doorknob, and replace it with a new one."
"A Phillips screwdriver, for removing the bolts on the doorknob and you don't have to have it, but an electric drill would help, because it can remove the bolts much faster than you would be able to with this."
I use a coarse one because the toenails are a lot thicker then your finger nails so you are going to want to use a coarse one on your toenails.
The biggest part about renting something that is really detrimental to it is that you have to put down a deposit.
"So, in some ways, that's actually going to...going to work for you."
"When you have to rent a camera for a job -- let's say, you are a professional photographer or someone just starting out in the photography market -- you want to make sure that you call the camera store to make sure they have your piece of equipment."
Hello I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center.
Hold it there a few hold after you throw it out.
Starting with our punching.
This is going to be straight but not lock.
Bring the hand back in.
Are you kidding me?!?
"You're bad. I love you. Can I do a duet with you?"" Why? It's not because he can dance, it is because he has so much confidence that he doesn't care and it makes it look like he's absolutely amazing as a dancer on stage."
"One of the biggest things--one of the biggest ways you can gain stage presence, I'm going to tell you right now, okay, there's nothing else you need to know."
So many people copy that.
Make sure they both measure up and I also like to fold them together.
We are going to do a four-step buttonhole.
Put it on the first step of the botton hole.
Fold it over about 3/4 of inch and turn to the right side of the bag.
"Hi my name is Dean Hale and today I'm going to give you a general overview of how to play the American classic, poker."
"A flush is five cards of the same suit whether it be hearts, diamonds, spades or clubs in a non-sequential order."
"So for instance the best full house you could have would be three aces and two kings, that would be called aces over kings."
Today Texas hold 'em is probably the most popular game that people think of when they play poker.
Let's go over the Rainbow Chest Move.
"Make sure your feet are parallel, your knees are slightly bent, your belly button's pulled in towards your spine, your chest is lifted, shoulders are relaxed and down."
"It'll, it'll tell you if it's true or not and it's true."
A lot of people just don't understand the whole concept of riding backwards and there is a couple of things you should keep in mind when you are doing that.
That will keep your hair from coloring properly if you do not use a clarifying shampoo to get rid of that.
You want to use a protein based conditioner.
So I've pre-treated her hair for hair color so we can get the best results from her highlights.
Put it in.
And next step will be the hydrangeas.
"And you're going to put a couple of pieces, it doesn't have to be completely full."
I'm going to point my left toe straight ahead with a straight leg and get my right leg positioned in a ninety degree angle.
"We're going to get up on our toes to get some momentum, and we're going to go straight in."
It's really important to ride your jump up when you're doing a tuck.
Now advanced tumbling is most easily done in combination from a round-off because you're going to get a lot of momentum.
In the air your layout position is basically going to be this.
"After you've mastered your layout, you can start doing fulls which are the most fun tumbling."
A full is going to be a layout in this position with a full rotation in the air.
"So, my window is thirty one inches high."
When you are working with someone and you want to give them a massage what you want to do is oil their back up first and I have already done that.
"You don't want to put so much oil on someone when you are giving a massage that they're like sliding around in oil and grease so just enough to give you some nice glide is all you need and then just do some nice soothing strokes, choppy short strokes are not always the most comfortable or feel the best."
"And, taking my scoring tool which has multiple needles."
It is very pretty.
I am going to secure this pre-strung beads here and measure it off.
You can see it enter each of the beads.
You can mark the halfway point between each of the scallops that you have with some pins.
"Do not be tempted to continue to bead till you are too close to the needle, because you need room to make your knot."
"Make sure you straighten your knees, huge pop O.k?"
So we have here on eight.
Good!
Let's try backing up now and we can add it all together.
We're going to pop it right here and two.
Releasing the lower back and popping it back in.
Alright?
You might want to test it just to make sure that it is not loose.
In this video clip I will be showing you the final step in installing a smoke detector.
"Anne, what can we expect when we come to reflexologist?"
"the Mobil 1 synthetic, they can say you can void the warranty on the motorcycle if you use an additive with a synthetic."
There are numerous articles on it and a lot of information out there.
"A lot of Technicians in the industry, I've been in the industry for ten years, we all believe, never met one that would disagree with me, that oil additives are not necessary, especially for air cooled V Twin motorcycles."
I'm just going to warm it up a little bit before I put it on.
"So someone who has acne skin, steam is good for it as well because that's obviously problems with maybe pores that are clogged or just hormones and things like that so it'll help the product to take deeper into the skin."
Sometimes if it's dried out too much it's going to produce more oils naturally and as a result tend to be even oilier than if you hadn't used a moisturizer.
Welcome to Sedona Spa.
We're first going to start with a cleansing treatment.
"Alright, take a nice, deep breath."
This is only about twelve hundred psi.
"Then, you just kind of want to test it and pull the trigger."
That's going to be about what I normally work with.
It still has pretty good pressure.
Now we're going to talk a little bit about pressure washing.
Because mostly we're just washing.
It's holding on pretty good.
I'll work my way down the eaves that way.
So I kind of keep a ladder handy.
"Now, all that's left is this bottom part on the wall."
"In the next area, what we're going to talk about is the mouthpieces."
"And, then pour that into the sink."
"The old rubber mouthpieces that you just insert and use temporarily, like maybe in a gym in a sparring match or if the boxer forgets his mouthpiece."
"And today we're going to talk about, how to find a massage therapist."
"Creative drama is not about teaching to the test, it's better."
You might even find in iron stone a pattern that's the same as flow blue and you can find the same pattern in mulberry so there's a lot of different examples of iron stone bases that are used.
They are very collectible and it all is very subjective it's what you find appealing so these are just a few example for you to look at before you start collecting.
Right now we're out in a garage.
"never use your spray paints inside the house, it'll smell for days."
Many different colors of household type paints you can buy.
Then using warm water and dish detergent you want to wash your car.
I like to use a cardboard box for paint booth.
"So, do you just have reeking breath that you're trying to get rid of?"
"Of course, you're going to want to brush and floss your teeth three times a day, and also, you can purchase like an over-the-counter mouth rinse with rinsing with this at least twice a day will help with kind of maintaining that nice fresh breath."
"O.k. Now we're going to start off with the bath tub. And then, we'll move on to the shower. So let me get my gloves on, first."
"Now these items, you want to make sure."
Here is a really easy way.
Then I just run it under the water.
This is easy as that.
I'm going to take our ring and place it on this.
Now take your time.
We have this picture of a little kitty.
We've made a ready made out of this same molding because I did a large picture in this for my customer and I had a little bit left over.
"It comes in these little packets, these little foam blocks."
They last a long time; you can actually wash them out and reuse them.
What we're looking at here is my preferred method for filtering a turtle tank.
"And, as an alternative to just having moss at the bottom of the plant or nothing at all, you have some nice full decorative foliage, in their own saucers because they have different water needs than the Ficus."
It will come out wavy like this.
I'm Ivan Madar.
Alright in this clip we are going to be going over how to go over the bags that we are stacking up.
"If you touch it, you don't want to touch it because if you do they are going to fall over."
The plants when they come up and begin to draw will be long and skinny.
"When you get ready to transplant them in the garden, it is best if you have a robust or short squat plant than a tall skinny one."
"There's some good stuff in here, also very short."
It's divided up by category.
"It's small enough to fit in your backpack, your pocket, and keep it with you in rehearsals, so if you want to learn a lot of improv games, this is the book for you."
"It's very succinct, very clear."
"I really recommend this to beginners, or new improvisers."
Hi!
The first step we have to trim off the green beans we have to cut off the tail and the head.
So now we are going to peel our shrimp.
What I'm going to do this is the head is already off.
All different types of trainers do different types of exercises.
"If you're considering getting a personal trainer, you want to make sure that you're aware of what you want your goals to be so that you can get a personal trainer that's right for you."
It means the whole body.
"So before we're going to attach the front to the rest of the pieces, what we're going to do is take some elastic and we're actually going to make a little holder to hold bottles of wine."
"You want to go back and forth a few times just to make sure that's pretty secured. Go ahead and do the center seam the same way again I like to make these fairly large because if you do want to say use one of those two litter bottles of water or I think a liter in a half, those are fairly large cause you do want to give space for them to fairly fit."
"Also if you're going on a picnic if you don't drink of course, you can just add some bottle of water or ice tea or something like that."
I'm Michael Seto.
Explain to these people?
I was reviewing the other day how my mortgage was advertising... JOE PARSONS: Uh-huh.
JOE PARSONS: Four.
"JOE PARSONS: Kleenex, lipstick, and a brassiere."
"JOE PARSONS: Barbara Bush, a Buick, a giant tub of Red Vines licorice."
"LES MCGEHEE: That is absolutely correct, Joseph, and you don't win anything."
I have a pair of these hanging on the wall in my house and they're lots of fun to own.
"This is a church near me, in North Andover Massachusetts, I'm talking to you from Andover Mass."
"All right, so you want to leave more than enough clay to work with."
"All right, now all we have to do is let all that set up, and while that's setting up we can go ahead, and make a make a handle; let that set up too, and we'll, then by the time everything is all ready to go what we're going to do is take this lid, want to flip it upside down, clean the top, and depending on how the handle looks, either put another handle on here, or put a little knob or something the to where you can just lift it off the teapot."
Lightening is when your baby actually drops deeper into your pelvis.
It's easier to digest your food because there's more room with your intestines there.
"Now that you've got a baby in here, everything is pushed up or everything is pushed down."
"So when your baby drops, the bladder, which is right here, the baby's going to drop into your pelvis deeper in there and put that pressure on the bladder."
I'm kind of grabbing my ski pants.
"You're going to want to get into your athletic stance, your feet are shoulders width apart and you're just going to bend down at the waist, following the legs down until you feel the stretch, reaching for those toes."
There you go.
Then do the same thing with the other leg.
I like to go simple.
A lot of times your stem and your cup will be just slightly off center from each and that's not a big deal.
You're going to use a ribbon tool to do the trimming.
You want that cup to have a nice smooth curve.
Lower down for just a moment.
Good.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to slice this just like you would chicken strips for fajita.
Stick some fresh ground black pepper.
You're definitely going to need some salt.
"As far as salt and pepper goes, you just want to eyeball it and season to taste."
"As far as the vegetarian enchiladas, I'm also going to have spinach, but these already nicely washed and ready to go and I'm also going to adds some cheese to all the enchiladas."
You can use green or you can use red.
Zero.
Congratulations on a great score on this hand.
"We've got just several cards left on our board, and we've, we know we're going to get a pretty decent score."
"There's an eight, no help."
"First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to pull this three off, and this four over here."
"See if you can make it to ten breaths in down dog, and when you're done gently drop the knees and rest for a moment in Childs pose."
"Down dog is one of the most widely recognized yoga poses, and it's an all over rejuvenating stretch."
"Are you tired of using the eyelash curler everyday, and wondering if you can permanently curl your eyelashes?"
"Have them explain the procedure to you, which is when they're going to perm your eyelashes, they're going to clean the eye area, protect the eye area, and have you keep your eyes closed, for the full process, and procedure."
Can you permanently curl your eyelashes?
"Hello, I'm Tim Gipson and today I want to talk to you about carpenter safety."
"Next thing I'm going to talk to you about is a table saw when we talk about safety in carpenter tools, a table saw is a good place to start."
"And then you have other things such as push blocks, and a push stick."
"You can let it go a little bit beyond, it doesn't matter, and then I like to take a piece and make sure it is totally anchored by going all the way around your container and this tends to stick it a lot better when it is stuck to itself so make sure you overlap it."
We're going to attach it right to the purse.
I'm just going to bend that across so it's nice and neat.
I'm going to bring my cat over here.
Place your wire towards the edge of the fabric.
Just grab around his head and you want to hold the beak closed so that he can't open up and snap at you.
You want to smooth it out and round it out so that it's more of the natural formation of the beak.
They have this specific blotchy pattern of lights and shadows because they have evolved to live on the forest floor in Madagascar and with this pattern they're able to blend in well with the leaf litter.
"So, your shots should look like this, with crema on the top."
And so if they just want a double espresso it would just be two shots and then cream or sugar or flavor in it.
They're working as fast as they can.
5 minutes?
"So, our combination is going to go lat and row."
If this is too easy for you go up to a red band.
"So, your goal is to really pull those shoulders back, so we're working deep into your lats."
We're even trying to get up into your trap area.
You're going to take your elbows out and all we're going to do is lean back just a little bit so that we're in our motion so that from your shoulders to your hip are actually at a slant and you're not straight up and down with your body.
"And what I'm talking about is, you know, we've taken a look at, at what you're good at, we've taken a look at what it is that you want to do, we know what's available out there."
"Whatever it is, because the job market is so competitive, you really need to be the best."
"So guys, now we're going to do some straight crunches."
It's all environmentally friendly so let's get started.
First we're going to have a pair of gloves.
"If sitting on the sand cannot be avoided, or a barrier of space cannot be placed between you and the sand, then wear some type of longer shorts, or swimming type of bathing suit, to avoid bites to the back of the legs, from the sand flea."
"And we will probably take the aluminum foil off on the front on the top of the breast, about a half hour before we start to glaze."
It's turkey sunscreen.
Ok have a nice trip.
"Until the thermometer inserted in the inner thigh, registers165 degrees."
We are going to be basting the turkey with the stock in the bottom of the pan.
"For On Gardening, I'm Stan DeFreitas, ""Mr. Green Thumb""."
"There's no nematodes, there's no disease, because this material is sterile."
"As a matter of fact, they just fall off when you touch them and these are the ones that you would plant."
"If you do, just kind of clean it up just a little."
Now that's how you do the heart monitor nail design.
"The choice is up to you, on either one that you do, but you want to do this to all ten."
Not everyone has a strong pulse; some people have a real light one.
"Once you have it done, again you'll have five or six lines total, you'll want to make sure that the polish wasn't stringy in the striping brush, if you get any on the side of the finger, you can just dip your French manicure brush back in your polish remover and just clean up the sides."
You want to always take it to that place where it is comfortable to come back up.
We need to have it not just for when we're performing the play but for rehearsals and building the set and all sorts of things.
There's time to do that and we're about where we should be right now.
They put on 3 productions a year I believe.
"Let's say if you are doing let's say that you took a short trip of ten days like from New York from California so you want on the itinerary should be all of the gigs, what time, they start, what time the sound track is, the contact person, lights, load in time, the hotel your staying at, its phone number and this type of information."
Feel the ribcage is working its way to the thighs and then back down.
"Then once you're done with that if you like to bring your feet down on the ground like we did last week, you do the last set of crunches without the ball."
It'll make it a lot easier especially when you're tired at the end of it.
You want to make sure to get past that surf as soon as possible.
"You know, if you start most of your house plants you need to have a good Watering Can, and normally you get something like this it's a little bit smaller than some of the watering cans that you've used outside on your vegetable garden area."
Make sure you use it exactly according to those directions with your indoor watering can.
"For On Gardening, I'm Stan De Freitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
"I; one of the things I really have trouble with is that they start so early, I like the staring times better of the Elementary schools."
I'm going to cover her neck with a towel.
"Hi, I'm Priscilla Flynn, speaking to you today from Yoga Sanctuary in Windham, New Hampshire and you can read more about us on our website, yogasanctuary.com."
It will look something like this (video demo).
There are a couple of things we can do.
If we know that they have a bad snapper or a slow kicker we might try to get there and block the kick.
If we have that on we're not so worried about our return as we are getting in there to block the kick.
"Very easy, not too much."
"Here's a little, nice little bite size focaccia wedges."
"So forward, forward, nice and fluid and back."
"Saw them across center, saw them across front then across the front, other side, then back to center, then back and across."
"So Jonesy, whenever you're ready."
So the first phase is bilateral using two legs at the same time.
Return back across.
"So, you're heading around and you can't see which way you're going."
And you also need to know how to roll backwards just a little bit to be able to do this trick well.
"The most important thing before you paint on anything especially metal is to wipe it down with some sort of degreaser, precleaner that is what I'm going to do right here."
"You rub that down pretty good, then you take your dry rag, rub over that, that would pick up the solvent and any degrease and residue that is left on it."
These are the dark wash. Now these are like the newest fad because everybody right now is wearing the dark jeans and these are called skinny jeans which I will model for you later.
It's a typical jean color.
"The last pathway, type four, still immune-mediated, but it doesn't use antibodies."
So it's not very reliable in determining your sensitivity to a particular food.
"It's actually seeing what's happened, what's...you know, is there inflammation that's being caused?"
"Type one is what's referred to as IgE, or Immunoglobulin E antibody-mediated response, and in that one, it's actually a true food allergy."
"And just like and French braid, you're going to grab a piece of hair, only this time it's a much smaller amount because we're working with less hair, and you're going to divide it up in three's."
"As you can see, the stance for a man is a different position."
"They let their hands just rest on their thighs and by still attaining perfect posture, keeping the shoulders down, slightly back but relaxed and the stomach muscles in, again, when you're sitting keep your stomach muscles in so that your chest expands and you feel relaxed and comfortable."
The first part to the loop is the initiation of it.
Back in the oven for a few seconds.
"And you'll want to work, not right on the edge because the spoon gets too heavy so, but, where you can roll it."
"So, grab a cookie and you can usually grab it without the spatula, if it sticks a little bit just go ahead and get your little metal spatula a loosen it again."
"Basically what you are going to do is make sure you've got some styling product on your hair, your hair is not necessarily have to be completely wet, it can just be slightly damp like the model."
"And, as I mentioned in the very beginning, uncial hand has a particular proportion."
Hold it down like so.
"So, do it on all four sides, turn it up, all four sides."
"Play around with the origami, have fun and enjoy."
"So what we're going to do is we're really going to start off with the traditional water bomb base, and if you really don't know how to do that, there's other videos that I have out that you can go and look and it's going to look basically look like this."
And you're going to do that to all four sides.
"Just open this up, and this, squash fold it, open it back."
"So, again we're concentrating most of the color to the apple of the cheek and just lightly going up the cheek bone."
"Alright, let's do it."
"We could, for maintenance for a comb twist is going to be a lot more because a comb twist is basically using gel and creating coils with your hair."
"Hi, in this segment we're going to talk about a bash."
"Here, bash."
"Now, a bash is different than a brush because you're actually hitting it a lot harder, and a bash is really intended to put to a lot more spin on the Frisbee."
"So, if the Frisbee is going counterclockwise position, and it's here, you strike it right on the side. So you're basically coming on, you're going to cup your hand a little bit."
You can hold wherever you feel comfortable and wherever your partner feels comfortable.
"Girls, it's really your job to sit back into the guy's hand."
"For the stance, you and your partner are going to be about a foot away with the male in the back."
"Girls, you need to keep your eyes forward, and basically you can't see where your feet are going to land."
"Though guys, you really have to catch her feet."
You want to make sure that you have your seatbelt on before you begin to drive.
"Make sure that you have your safety clip attached somewhere very securely, either to a piece of clothing, to your person and then begin working and doing your work on the treadmill."
We don't want to step on to a treadmill that somebody has left running and hasn't had the safety clip on or it's still on.
"You can bring the knees into the chest, wrapping your hands around your legs."
"Both legs are going to come up, toward the ceiling, and we're going to take a deep breath."
"Just taking deep breaths as you hold this pose, trying to keep your feet close to your hand or wrist."
"Inhaling, exhaling and trying to press that left hip, close to the floor and then you're going to use your breath and your obliques, exhale slowly, bring both legs back to center."
We touched on supplements and we talked about the benefits of getting a proper diet for your energy metabolism.
It's best that you consult a dietitian or you can contact me on my website www.lifestillnutrition .com or please consult your physician.
"If you can't afford the cage now, don't get the snake."
Okay now I am going to show you the materials that you need to assemble to make this project.
These happen to Austrian crystals.
You need four jump rings.
"You will need special glue called Strass 244, which is for glueing on the crystals."
You need a sixteenth centimeters of antique cooper chain.
"Lager and Lime, what do you know?"
Bottoms up.
"So by doing that I'm really going to feel that stretch in the lower lat all the way up to the upper part of my lats, or the wings on the side of my body."
So the stretch will look like this.
Say you've done all the little things you can to your bike and it's time seek some professional help in the bike store.
Now notice how my head is going with the wrist of the spine.
You want to make sure you keep your chest up and keep the head going with the rest of the spine.
"When you start in your standing position, you want to make sure that you tuck your hips in, so your back is straight."
"Do same number on each side and you're ready to go, bikini time."
In this clip I'm going to be doing a half arc up and over with the inflatable ball.
"In swimming, you should have some days where you emphasize technique, you can have another day when you emphasize technique but adds a time travel and have another day that is higher intensity intervals."
Is it a carnivore?
Does it say meow?
We're supposed to be counting questions.
"Is it; you can only ask yes or no questions, very important."
"Okay, is it bigger than a breadbox?"
"Give it a little bit extra, a line down the middle and once that's glazed, that'll look real nice."
Hi!
It's not quite long enough and not quite short enough.
Now what to wear with this dress.
These two go on the top and this is going to be the one that holds it in place.
I'm going to take you through a gymnastics class stretch and warm-up.
"Again, when you're jumping or tumbling you could easily pull any muscle, especially in your legs."
One of the tools that everybody that has a tree in their yard should have is a pole pruner.
"They didn't protect the branch, they put chains on there and it's cut into the branch, making the branch unhealthy and killing it."
So we've got to take it down.
"I like to cut my threads, though."
"And since I want to put four rows of stitching on it, I'm going to go ahead and look at it."
"These guys are an inch apart, so I'm just going to go in about 3/8 of an inch; that should be about right, on each side."
I mentioned earlier that you don't want to use like a cheap auto-drip whatever coffee beans to make your espresso shots.
"You can get a lot of just good coffees at your local grocery store, and if you have an espresso grinder that's even better."
"To change the amount or the time that your espresso shots are going to take, you're going to do a thicker or a finer grind."
A thicker grind is going to let the water sipped in a little bit more and take a longer time to pull the shots.
"Also, you want to be very aware of what kind of beans you're using."
"And how to use your time, efficiently."
Have found that it's very helpful if you set up a routine or a schedule.
"So it's nice to kind of, pace out and schedule."
"So we'll talk about how to kind of, take your projects."
"So once you get your pattern, you can always tweak it after your final product as well."
It's very simple.
"The band is just a little bit something that's different, and it also helps your suit stay on as well."
"There we go, there we go and there we go."
My favorites are Parakeet.
"Get your oven to 350, put it in a nice preset oven for about 20-25 minutes no more then that and when you take it out we are going to put in the boiler for about 2 minutes."
What I want to do is just slowly lower the vehicle on to that jack so the jacks could--or the jack stand so the jack stand's carrying the load.
We don't want to jack it up to such an angle that it's going to create a hazard or danger by tilting or applying too much force on the other side.
"We've just tasted a little bit of it and it's amazing, but we want it to thicken up a little bit so I have it on a very low flame."
Just make sure you do that.
"What we're going to do now is just add this right to our mixture of beef and onions and mushrooms, like so."
I'm going to put that under a low flame and let it thicken up.
Do this very slowly.
"We're going to add this piece to the handle end of our clothespin, so I'm going to add a dot of glue and then I'm going to press down like that and then we'll want to let that dry a minute."
Now I have my set of buggy chip clips.
"Once they've dried, we can use them to hold chip, bags or any other kind of bags closed."
"In the case of making a good pigtail, just to make sure that the hair is parted straight down the center."
"I'm going to take the hair in the middle and I'm going to bring it over to the second, with the first section was and I'm going to take the hair in the left hand and I'm going to cross it under."
You don't want a pigtail that one's better than the other.
You know.
We're just going to start at the edge there and sew right along the edge removing the pins as we come to them.
We're going to add this on so pinning it right perpendicular to how we're going to sew it right along the edge.
And then you go back to singles.
Hip.
Knees together lift.
Try it in the mirror it looks more complicated.
Look at that.
It should make that clicking sound.
This may leak out quicker than some other sources of nitrogen but it is still a pretty readily source and it will be used in water and of course remember that is where plants have to absorb the nutrients.
The first number is Nitrogen.
That sparked motorcycling here to the point where in 1972 the AMA or the American Motorcyclist Association started the series that is now the AMA Motocross Nationals.
"There's also a granite dichroic bevels, which are these little; you can see that iridized, dichroic glass in the center of that bevel and on the bevel; actually, if you can get a close up of that, it's, you can see the levels of glass and how it's been polished to a raised surface."
"And, I just wanted to let you know those are available to you out there."
We're dropping down into a plea.
"As you come up, your sweeping inner thigh, and then you're dropping right back down that same spot."
"These are very special, they're not red, they're not purple, they're golden."
"Now how you want to do it, what you feel more comfortable with, it's going to be, you'll figure that out as you get into your processing, you try these different things, of which works better for you."
I'll slip my floor jack right underneath.
"I'll score the center of this lid and get it pretty wet, and then I'll score the bottom of this little ball."
"So, from the top is the best bet."
Here's 4 extra little pizza's and if you want you can slice them in half and you can see I actually made 4 English muffin pizza's into 8 that way that's one way to serve them.
"If you just want to kind of groove, groove, groove and step and groove and groove and groove and step, that's your standard grapevine."
We are going to step with our left foot.
See you just go the other way.
The top part is really optional.
"And lastly your lip gloss, that the most important."
"And, I'm going to trim this side out as well."
"You want to feel the pin bone and you want to go along the top as much, as close as you can to the bone without losing any flesh."
Because you don't want to throw away what you just paid good money for.
"And, to keep this I want to go ahead and just pin it."
"And, we look underneath you can tell it's two angles put together to make a ninety degree."
All you have to do is add hot water.
"And then, we've always got the carrot and ranch dip snack, it's nice to keep a few things on hand when you've got those crunchy munchies."
"When you've got the munchies it's really easy to reach for the high fat, high sugar options."
Some cases are a little more difficult to sex.
So men considered to be all in their mind and they're more connected to heaven.
"Hi, this is Lyndon again and we're here at Lou Ehlers in the frame department."
"So, making sure that the entire face is balanced is very important."
"Now remember as we age, we need to modify the colors that we wear."
"Gentle smiles are also really important, nodding slowly."
"And as in the word relaxed, you are going to show that you are relaxed."
"You were really trying to make a good impression and trying to say, ""I'm not a nervous person."
"And the longer the shaft, the wider the arc."
"As a rule of thumb, each inch will give you five yards."
"The more club head speed, the further the ball is going to go."
"Alright we are going to take our cinnamon rice, the liquid has absorbed so we'll plate this on and it should be just a little bit sticky with the sugar that we added and we'll give our vegetables one last stir so I'm going to put these kind of in layers so that we get some of the broccoli and then with the mushrooms and the celery over them and then some bright green broccoli on that and if you have any of that juice left you are going to want to dribble that right over the top of your broccoli."
But again by using the customer's name you make the feel like more than just a number.
"Alright I've gone around uh, to all four corners and squared them up and cleaned them up pretty good."
This is a very thin plywood and I cut it to the same size as this so we're going to go ahead and just uh pop it in the bottom.
"This project should probably done, be done on a big space like a kitchen table."
I like to use the black paper.
"You'll find most cases, most, and there are a few where I've had to use other tactics but the reality of it is once you do that, most people do just what happened in this particular scenario of--once I got involved with 'em, they quieted."
"Now, we're going to prepare the wheel, for being attached to the wagon."
"It has to be a large bead, and it's very important that we get the right size."
People making the letters into stone.
They were using reed for this.
"And what I'm going to zero in on right now is what we call the rustic capitals which is a book hand and actually, even though this is a book hand, these letters were also brushed onto stone to make posters for the public."
"AMANDA CLAIRE: Now, sometimes you might want to turn on or off more than one thing at a time or you might want to change position between more than one thing at a time."
"But, that is the type of stitch used all along the outer edges to have it be a notched collar with a blanket stitch."
"Remember, this is all one piece when it is sewn together because you are going to have it sewn together here."
I’m Jim Dowd at Zoar Outdoor.
Make sure you start out with knotless.
"And a little bit later I will show you a knot that you can use to connect new sections of leader as you replace the end when it gets chewed up by a trout, if you are changing flies and so on."
"Just make sure that you take care of your paper because just like every other piece of collectibles condition is everything so pieces that are torn or damaged or water soiled, the value just goes down dramatically so it is all about condition so enjoy your paper and treat it with kindness."
You just want to cut it in half.
"Once again, you can go ahead and just wrap one of these up and save it for later, or go ahead and squeeze them both now."
You want to make sure you squeeze all of it.
Give it a good squeeze.
This is Oak at Painted Temple Tattoo and if you are looking to become an apprentice to learn how to tattoo don't attempt it yourself.
We're going to take a look at how to do a triple drawback.
"So this time we have three heels, okay."
"You could go on line to google.com, you could put in whatever information you know about the person, it may bring up information such as their birth date."
It might not have any straps on it what so ever.
You have a prong on the side of your boot.
"They might not even be snowboard bindings at all if you have an alpine or racing board, because yours are going to look a lot similar to a ski binding."
At any time if you feel pressure on the low back bend the knees or clasp the hands around the back side of the knees to release that pressure keeping the energy focused on the abdominals.
"So you are going to bring the knees towards the chest, lift the heart towards the sky and then lean back a little bit, lifting the feet off the floor a tiny degree."
If you would like you can straighten the legs completely.
"So you are keeping your boat out of the water, keeping the legs extended."
"So if this shot is accurate, you have a good chance of making a putt in one or two putts."
So make sure that you find out exactly what you're needs are when it comes to a new automobile purchase before you go out and invest your time in looking at a new car.
Make sure that car offers you the gas mileage you're looking for and it also offers you the features you're looking for.
"If you've got 12 kids, you may want to go look at a van or a minivan."
"Now using a marver like I did there will help your glass, like I said, keep its color as opposed to letting the flame do all the work for you because the flame can do what I just did and ball the glass up into a disc or a glob but you run the risk of burning the colors actually out of the glass so using your instruments definitely helps the colors stay."
"Whenever you're doing math in your head, the most important part is being able to visualize the numbers."
So you can tell here this arm is bigger than this one here.
And you try to create a dimension by having his legs go back.
My company is LarsEr Arts All Around Art-tainment.
A tight feeling or flaky skin residue that's not oily indicates dry skin type.
Oil on each tissue indicates an oily skin type.
No oily or flaky residue of any kind indicates normal skin.
Go for it!
Also your abductors coincide in a support mechanism with the obliques.
"That's right, the ears."
"And even gentle tugging, on the ears, starting at the tops, tugging out and down towards the table in this case a little bit."
"For Sarah, we're going to do square with a rounded edge."
"From warrior I, we're going to continue through the sun salutation."
Now we're looking to have the hips directly in line with the shoulders.
"For a natural nail, you're going to want to use a 180 grit."
There's also 100 grits.
As the case maybe.
It changes everything.
"You can frame your drawings, any way you like."
"However, if you want to be taken seriously."
"You draw two imaginary lines, vertically."
Drawing these lines creates nine separate boxes in an image.
"You're creating a more visually, aesthetically pleasing shot or image or painting."
The drink we are about to make is a Banana Rum Cream.
When the quarterback throws the ball at the chest or higher you have to go up and make the catch with your hands.
"This is a sound absorbing panel, 2 inches is the minimum thickness that we use in our company."
In our house we eat lots and lots of parsley.
Parsley goes into our salads.
Parsley goes into crackers that we make.
"Here in Miami we have hurricanes, tornadoes and other things."
"We're here at Palm Hammock Orchid Estate and we're talking about planting, and fertilizing."
"The block, one, two, side step, move the body."
This is my assistant Melissa.
And lunge and push me off to the side.
"These imports are going to be really exciting but before I talk about those, let me talk about me, for a minute."
Some other specifics when you think about open water swimming is you need to get used to starting fast.
So those are some real key and specific things for when you tackle that open water swim.
You need to practice swimming in your wet suit.
"I can also recommend that if, maybe, you bought your tea in bulk from the grocery store or something like that, you put it in something that is air tight."
"So if I toss the ball way over my head, I'm not going to be able to hit that serve very comfortably."
"But what I want people to do, you just take a ball, and you just toss it through the hoop, which isn't as easy as it looks even for somebody that has practiced as much as me."
"Take any other sport, if you watch golfers, they're going to line the ball up where they can hit it."
"So usually, carpal tunnel is attributed to typing, anything that has to do with continuous use of the wrist; a number of things, you could have injured your wrist, fall on your wrist and never quite rehabbed it properly."
You can see across the United States that it is visible and we are out there trying to make a difference and save lives.
"The earlier, studies show, the earlier that youth actually consume alcohol, which on average now is about twelve years old, the more likely they are to have a dependency problem or to have drunk driving in their future."
"We start with our programs in early youth and we continue those throughout, outreach throughout the community throughout the entire year."
To try and make sure we're accomplishing our goals.
Just a little bit more.
I also sculpt in wood.
In the northwest area of the United States here the people do totem poles.
I mean it doesn't... if the civilization were to die and the wood ends up on the ground you're not going to find it.
I'm going to follow the line of the log or the tree.
And the piece will be painted to make it look like bronze.
"Now, you will find with any spill, especially one of that magnitude, that was quite a bit of liquid that went in there, it goes through the bottom."
So the other thing I would highly recommend is to take a fan and just put it on the area and let it dry.
"First thing is to take a white towel, white cotton tile and blot."
"First, you have early recognition."
"Next, you need to activate the 9-1-1 system and summon help, and then, advance life support treatment can be initiated on this patient."
"If they do not respond, check to see if they're breathing, and look, listen, and feel is usually what's taught in CPR classes."
"What the knotted shoulders show you, is that there's two, the knots can either be faux knots, that are placed there and then have it sewn closed or you could actually have the garment go on, kind of, I guess kind of like a diaper."
"The basic technique involves tucking under the chin, the arm accelerates through the body rotates through using the leg drive, rotational force of the body."
The next thing becomes technique.
You can have great technique and not be very strong and your shot put is not going to go as far.
So it is important to have a good balance of technique as well as strength.
Next we come to shoes.
That would look a little bit funny.
Low top shoes we are going to have some stuff coming out of the bottom of the pant leg that we are going to go into later.
I mean this should be a shoe for a scarecrow.
We can check that we're hooked one more time.
Do not get your nose too high or you'll go over backwards.
And now we're into the wind.
My name is Sylvia Russell and I hope that you find the perfect brunette for your hair color.
"Now color is on a color level, 1 through 10, brown being a 4 or 5."
What are your values and how will your work enhance those values?
Faith is going to help me demonstrate that now.
Good.
She wants to reach the crown of her head forward and then allow her face to rotate.
It's always important to find your long spine first.
"Once the pasta is cooked, it's going to have swelled up just a little bit almost like a dumpling you're going to drain it and then it' s ready for you to choose a sauce."
"Now, you see this?"
What I've done is I've laid out the four brake pads that come in a brake pad replacement kit.
This is the inboard pad where the piston applies pressure against the brake pad and that's done in the center.
"As you've noticed, there is the difference in two of the pads."
If you try and stay with the same program for week after week or month after month your body is going to get used to it and say this is easy.
"You really need to incorporate something that is going to challenge your cardiovascular system which is the heart and lungs, it is going to elevate the heart rate and also some resistance exercises using dumb bells or free weights."
Is it walking?
"Also, a lot of recreation centers that are city, and state, and government managed are required to have ADA personnel on staff, and they may know something, as well."
"If that didn't occur, I would go to a climbing gym, and I would look for people, I would look for people there who have had experience climbing with people with disabilities, or who have knowledge in general."
"If you go there, and you don't immediately don't feel comfortable, go somewhere else, because your life is in the hands of your belayer, and if you're bouldering, you're going to have so much more success with somebody who understands climbing, and understands how to work with it with people who have different abilities, because."
The very first part here comes is the silhouette which is very essential.
"We are going to come back in 10 minutes and take a look at any sort of intoxicants or other drugs that may or, most likely, may not be in my urine."
"Now, this is a timed test so it is important that you have a watch, clock or other timing device available."
"What we are going to do is simply place this in the cup, up to the max urine level."
"So, this is going to be the minimum line here and the max line is here."
"Haunted houses are all about what's going on, where?"
Okay the next step that we're going to do is we've used the different parts of the nebulizer and we're going to do a cleaning.
We are going to turn this into vinyasa.
"If a little chocolate is good, more is better."
The next thing I'm going to do is show what other things you can do with these really cute sour cream containers.
"I've already peeled off the red top layer on the sticky strip on this one, and all you're going to do is roll it like a toilet paper roll, because that's what it's going to resemble when you get it done."
"Very good, right there, so those are the three positions your body is going to go through in the front tuck."
"You're going to start up and big jump, finish on the other side, very good."
Pull it all the way around.
"You're also going to want to stretch your hamstrings, so she's going to stand up and grab the back of her foot and push this forward."
There's a lot of stress on your legs when you land a front tuck because there's so much momentum in it.
"For starting a front tuck you're going to punch off the ground, so she's going to take a few steps and then just punch straight up."
"Now if you're using different types of material, you're obviously going to have to rip strips out of each of them."
"And then engage your abdominal muscles, lifting your knees up and then twist over to the other side."
Then take your left foot and hook it behind your right ankle as you lift your feet up off the floor.
Turn your head to the right side.
You want to make sure that you're keeping your shoulder blades on the mat.
"Make sure you blend, blend."
Take it down the neck a little bit.
"Again, you want it to look a little more dewy, but you also want to kind of finish it off with a little bit of powder."
It's very hydrating and moisturizing.
"This hairstyle is good for showing movement, because as you can see, it's ranting off of her face like she's in a wind tunnel, or like basically like she is going, ""uh"", shaking her head out, that's going to give it flare, personality, style, your own little sense of you."
We need something to sop up that sauce.
We'll go ahead and take a second color and complete the shape to it.
So we've made two lines and we've made a waved line going down the middle.
"And here, we see that once the boat is placed into water it actually does float."
So it's a really nice project for kids and they come out with a nice toy that they can play with at bath time.
We made our outline and now we're going to fill it in with some colors.
"It's easier to outline everything first so when you draw, put the actual colors on, they keep their shape and also the border around the different shapes gives a nice, makes it stand out a little more, gives a nice affect to it, has a nice touch."
Now we simply close this bale up.
It's easy to cast like that.
If you would like to move on to Camel Pose let's bring either flat fists or flat palms and we are going to place one hand on either side of the spine right where the top of the hip meets the spine and you can feel those bones in your back.
"So goes down, down, up, down, up, down, up."
So it's going to be on the downbeat.
"So we're going to be going down and both knees are going to bend the same amount, okay."
"This would be a third barrel, you've got a little pocket coming in here."
"It is not a time to take them out running, it is not a time to feed them, just like when you get a massage, after your massage it is nice to lay there quietly and let the bones and the muscles and the joints all relax and get the full benefit of the massaging and pressuring that they have just gotten, you are going to do the same for your dog to make sure that all that hard work is of much benefit as possible to them."
Another popular thing is a cyclometer.
"There's a read out on the face of this, and there's a key which you attach to the spoke, and there's a little wheel here that gets turned every time that key passes by."
"So, as this bike, the wheels spinning forward, the key goes by, it turns this lever on the cyclometer, and it slowly ticks up the miles that you've covered."
The orange on the face just usually doesn't cut it.
Touch your chin.
And to make you lips more youthful and a little juicier go ahead and put on some lip gloss.
And to go on with your day.
It can cause headaches and exhaustion and can really make you feel very ill and not at all like wanting to run around and have fun so be sure that you stay hydrated.
"Let's see, I'm just going to crumple up another little piece."
"So it's basically doing most of the filling with your backer, whatever you're crumpling and sticking in there."
And then you don't really have to do too much puttying.
Now we're going to let that dry and we're going to move on to the next step.
Now normally we go around with the wood putty and fill minor holes and nicks and things like that.
If it feel too warm you can double up on the sheet.
"You could be a Union member, you can be an EMC member, or you can be Non-Union."
Then we give you tracing paper; a whole book of tracing paper.
"Then, remember when we put the two mats together?"
Remember the mat guide that we had?
That's a bad idea because anyone at any time can have access to these emails.
If you have to send a personal email I would certainly make sure that the boss knew that you were going to send a personal email.
So the meaning of a bedroom is that bedroom represents our inner self.
So it tells me something about the person.
I don't want to see any browns in there.
"It's like bleach, it gets on anything, it's going to stain it."
"Now obviously if you're in a man to man situation, you're on the guy that you're guarding."
You want to get a good distance there.
"Hold on, hold on."
They're nicely relaxed and the thumbs are kind of braced on the back of the head.
Ok. First and most important thing about Headstand is you start and you end in Child Pose. The last thing you want to do is kind of throw the blood up to the brain and then just kind of throw it back out.
Keep pressing into your tripod.
Find that nice calming center.
Very important.
Okay we are going to start with repairing a combination break.
"There are some definite things that you want to do when you develop a character, some very specific questions that you want to answer and some very specific things that you want to know about your character."
That's what I mean by critique you have to have a topic ready to interview the subject about so that everything can move quickly.
There.
You can always tell who's prepared by who asks the most questions and who asks the fastest questions.
I'm putting all my weight on to this pedal.
Our super hero's starting to really shape up.
So now we basically go back through there and we just kind of scraggle around the edges.
Because this is supposed to be more of a rope like substance.
"And that is first off, there's some of the other things going on in this."
It makes it a little more interesting.
"And at this point you've completed your friendly neighborhood Spiderman slinging home on a very very cold winter afternoon, perhaps on his way to a family gathering or hopefully someplace else nice and warm and give him a break from fighting all that crime."
"With that under one, I'm going to add some more hair, and switch hands."
"Grab some more hair, and that process just goes over, if you'll see, and over and over again, okay?"
"The next one, and then the next one, just like that."
"Now with my other hand, what am I going to do?"
"I'm going to grab some more hair and I'm going to put it underneath on the lower one, and then cross over, bring this under."
And that's jargon for whatever works without using poison .
"So, that's the first goal is prevention."
"Once, we have pests, you can see, here is a perfect example, we have a little aphid infestation on the leaves of this heirloom broccoli, now that's an ugly site there, but, I know that it's not going to take down this broccoli it's only going to inhibit it's growth a little bit."
It isn't a contract.
All it's saying is saying that you are going to be loyal to me.
"All it is it's saying I as a realtor, am trusting you."
Now the things to look for when you make your compost is that nice dark black color that lets you know that you are really breaking things down in to good organic matter.
"I'm a organic gardener so compost in my garden is probably the most important key for behaving good soil structure, humus in the soil that is later going to turn in to the food to my plants."
"Then, when they come, and then when four comes, you go four, and then three, and then two, and one."
"You never, ever want to get caught on air talking or moving your hands in front of the camera or hitting the camera, anything like that."
"So, you usually want to have it like that."
"Now, when you get to five seconds, you want to have your hand up, all five fingers."
"So we're looking at seeing a stream lined look, and we're also seeing a bit more of these cut outs that you'll find."
"Lately, you're going to find some fashions coming out of Egypt, such as this."
I can count a lot of knots and tension in the shoulder blades.
It's used the least.
So what usually happens is they're going to take a relatively smaller section off the tail.
And you know could cut that in half and these would be two more portions.
"So, we are going to leave as much fish on here and throw as little away as we can."
"So we're going to take the fish and we're going to cut it into, what I would consider equal portions."
"You have got the tail portion, the head portion and you have the thickness mainly in the middle."
He is going to teach you how to pick the right ones.
You don't want to go any higher.
Standing side flexions with the weights by side.
"Do a few, make sure you do same number on one side and the other, and you'll have good looking core before you know it."
"You're going to stand up tall, and I want to show you from the side that your hips are going to be tucked in, and your belly is going to be in."
Yes.
And you don't have to spend a lot of time doing this.
"So, some on down, lengthen your legs straight up."
Place your hands gently behind your head.
Hi.
"And this is more of like, this kind of Hot Pink-Red and it sort of gives that Bee Stung look."
This just adds a little dimension to it.
"I try to get my clients to do about 5 to 10 reps on each side, hold it 5-10 seconds and down."
"So, this is just called a quadruped."
So all you're going to do is extend that right arm and if you're able to extend the left leg or just the opposite leg and arm and just hold it for about 5 to 10 seconds and then slowly come down and switch.
Lift and lower.
It makes a high shade canopy and it is not susceptible to a lot of diseases that the other Oaks are susceptible to.
Hi my name's Michelle and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz and I'm going to explain to you on how to gargle with mouth rinse.
And then pretty much follow the directions.
Are not going to pull away entirely in one direction.
And this way it also ensures that the tops and bottoms of the pages aren't drying at a much slower pace than the rest of it.
Because they are against the bottom of your table.
"So like the air filter, it?s a much lower speed of air, that coming through."
"And it?s also going to damage the pages, because they are going to be flattened on the edges where they've been presses against the table."
"As we inhale Gina is going to fold forward and just get a nice back stretch and lengthen through her spine and I'm going to open my spine up, opening my heart up to the sky and ready to receive energy."
And so the sides are the short pieces here.
Today I would be talking about how to tack up a horse.
There's no other way around it.
Everyone's going to be different.
There is a lot more that goes on and involved with that.
"So this is what I would do, is just take some frosting and just frost that snout all around and then will set that aside and then when the rest of the cake is frosted, we can just lay it on and then we'll trim it; we'll just go over it one more time once it's on the cake."
It's a little bit easier to frost the snout before it's placed on the cake and then we'll just touch it up once it's on the cake.
I'm sure you know someone who writes like that.
"And these are actually heartworms, and heartworms are another problem that we get with dogs."
On some projects you might want a bevel or a radius to give the edge a nice finished look.
"But yeah, I'd say we have a good start here, and what we'll do now is we'll move on to the next portion, and draw her shoulders."
"Like make her, at this point, look like she's got like a big old afro."
"This can end up with you with both of your feet on different sides of the bar, in the middle of the bar or with your feet running into the bar, which is pretty bad."
"You're going to want to use, if you're oily with blackheads, you're going to want to use a more granular scrub like the Skin Prep Scrub that has the cornmeal that we used earlier."
Let's talk now about how to select a jig rod.
"Typically, with pan fish, you're fishing with very light line, maybe two or four pound test monofilament."
"They all come down, at their most basic, to having a handle and a reel seat, so you can attach your reel to it."
"At any given time throughout the club, the engineer who is working the lights can just go over to the computer, select a different setting, boom, all the lights in the club change."
"And now we're going to discuss landing on the lava field from the expansion, Volcarren Wasteland in Heroscape."
"We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5."
One of the biggest issues that come up in many non profits is the dynamic between the board of directors and those who we call operations the staff.
"It's a mediate way to cause friction and that's what you really don't need to have, it's a good idea if the board frankly goes through board training and learn how to be a board of directors."
"So you know, we can set this..."
"And so, you know, I'll take this battery and I'll put you know, 1 on one side and 1 on the other."
I know it sounds really technical.
"I'm not going to be talking about that much during this series because we're kind of talking about introduction of circuit bending but that is something that you may need a volt meter for in the future to be able to really make a good measurements of you know, the amount of voltage that's flowing across different parts of the circuit so you can calculate whether you need a resistor or a capacitor there but all that aside, a volt meter is also really helpful for testing your batteries."
You ought to see if they're any good anymore.
Little more?
Good.
So first placing my knee into her back.
I'm going to slightly slide my opposite leg back so I have some nice steadiness there.
"I'm going to sweep down, grab a hold of this hand place it behind the head."
"I like to just simply use a wet a wooden spoon like this, wet it down and put it on the inside."
"Any slur that might have gotten on there, take it off."
"In the next section I will just be talking briefly about tips on finishing this up, and getting it ready for the kiln."
So now we have an idea of where we want to stick the top.
"So now what I'm going to want to do, they make a variety of tools to go inside."
It doesn't matter what customer just came before or what customer your anticipating will come next or whatever distractions maybe going around you.
The two customer service is a two way exchange.
Now it's not always just all about the customer wants but you have some input or to make any of that experience great for the customer as well.
"This helps get circulation, the blood flowing down from the feet."
"Set your timer, grab your eye pillow and just rest your hand on your stomach."
You have your single folded blanket in the back.
In this video clip we'll be calculating the area of a circle.
Now that is not always possible in the studio so I really enjoy using the soft boxes.
Sometimes I will be photographing different types of scientific things that really need to look almost translucent where I c an almost build a layer of different types of whatever I am photographing so that back light or bottom light as I like to call it is very helpful.
My wrist likes to be hooked.
It's not going to intimidate anyone.
It never intimidated me.
The first is it is going to dry this out a little bit for us which we need in order to do the next step.
Now you don't want to keep the torch in one place for too very long.
"It is important to keep it moving so that you don't get any of the clay too hard, you can make it crack."
Good.
"So, it's going to be; step, twist, a little bit of twist with the lower body."
And that is how to properly repair a bent water key.
We allow them to fill with oxygen; we allow them to get the fibrous tissue to be much more flexible.
Which means I'm just going to throw it.
Alright.
Now I'm going to put that over there.
I'm going to move it around.
"Typically, that doesn't work all that well, because what happens, almost every line that you make with a water-color pencil, you can only....you can't get as thin, you can't get as fine a detail, and about every third or fourth line that you make, you have to resharpen."
"Hi, my name's Lincoln Ward."
It's not just good enough today to have music.
"I like to start right underneath his chin where the muzzle, where we are going to be working in the muzzle before and just slowly work my way up."
It is important to make sure that we get both sides evenly.
"And, this is how you perform Kung Fu sparing technique hook block side kick versus side kick."
Blocking more with the forearm.
One slow.
Part of choosing what drug test is going to be right for you and your use in the home is of course the reason for which you are going to be using it.
These are called pipetters.
We have people working on super computers to do modeling.
And I think if you don't like typing or computers or even kind of mathematical concepts you wont do well in this because that's a lot of what we do.
And we'll have a hundred little bottles all labeled with things and we're mixing them.
So it all has to integrate.
So those are probably the three top journals where you'd see the very best discoveries being published.
"When you take it apart, make sure the pipe always will be dry."
Don't touch it with water and don't get it cleaned with anything.
There are a lot of web sites now days dedicated strictly to used cars.
Jewelry can be another one of the most fun things you can do with crocheting.
And I've used magnetic clasps to close the necklaces.
"I've worked with so many adults, and adults who have been raised on healthy foods."
"He said ""Bobby's in trouble""."
"[He said] ""..and he won't do anything unless you tell""."
"I forgot the name. Walter Reed and put him through the PET machine."" And they said "" are you sure?"" I said ""I am very sure""."
"They put him the plan, they him through it, and he's fine."
Now since we are doing an afro you would want to do a good amount of that hair where so that way it will stand up the way that an afro would.
Once your hair is a little bit longer it makes it a little bit more difficult to get the actual afro style.
"This is a great exercise for the core, while you're strengthening your upper back muscles."
If you have a goal and you want to have a vision board that you're going to carry with you.
If you want something square.
Depending on the goal that you've chosen and the topic that you're doing.
You don't have to make a vision board big in order for it to be effective.
"It keeps the negatives flat, inexpensive and very important."
"In setting up your dry workstation in your darkroom, you want to have a workbench set away from your wet area."
"We're going to show you how to do a roll, that will let you overcome that fear, so if you do fall on the ground, you won't hurt yourself in this manner."
Everything is looking back to that side.
"If it's really big, you may want to hire a professional."
You can get them at the drug store.
And everything doesn't have to be out in the open.
It might take a few minutes.
When you are using a theraband make sure that you get a number of different weights.
And now I'm ready to connect these two pieces together.
"And then I'm going to take my scoring tool, get the rim wet."
Just go back and forth and get that nice and scratched up.
The bat pins are not always drilled perfectly on center.
"Hi, I'm Nancy with the Utopia Animal Rescue Ranch."
And the animal feels comfortable around them and the children feel comfortable around them.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"The one, the end of two and the four."
"When in doubt, don't."
This is Dr. Paul.
"You have to be happy with you. Yourself image has to be such that you respect you and you look at yourself in the morning and you see yourself in that mirror and you say, ""did I do the right thing?""."
"That would be 10, then the number."
"They've got submarine cabling, and lots and lots and lots of satellite links as well, so you should have a great, clear call to China."
"Pretty interesting, and a lot of numbers to keep straight."
The club face opens up and that's what puts slice spin on the ball.
They have newer ones that have a swivel front wheel which is nice when you are taking the stroller maybe to the mall or shopping or to the grocery store but most of them the wheel is straight and you will want to have it be locked in if you were running with the stroller.
You can also cut the long layers like this and then go straight across and cut it.
Notice the layers in the back like I did it.
The Moon in astrology rules your emotions and feelings.
I'm Janet Sciales the Star Goddess.
And what you want to make sure is you want to make sure the blade is running right on the inside.
Now you have various widths of band that you can put on of your blades.
The key here is don't make the movement easy.
So thise little practice is for people who are heavier who don’t feel they can come into a class and feel comfortable.
"And again; one, two, three, four, turn, five, six."
We just did the four corners.
"And then, back down."
Ready?
"One, two, three, four, five, six."
"So, this is one, two, three, four."
Repeat it to this side.
Well if a person has type one Diabetes then the main focus is for them to eat enough calories and carbohydrates to maintain their weight.
Go out there and make those landscapes and do those mountains.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to go ahead and get the gray blue onto my brush.
"We'll take the side of our brush here and try to get that - if the sun's coming from this way, we'll get the shadow part of the mountain."
"So it's kind of like a greenish blue color that you want to create, 'cause it creates that stone."
"Because as the elements get older, it takes longer to fire."
"I put it in, I put the cone in like this into the cone, cone holder and this little switch goes back and forth."
We have also because of the seat lopes in the vehicle using a pool noodle to adjust for angle.
Get in.
But since we are facing when you run the lap shoulder belt through here and the seat still moves around and it is still loose.
The left hand ends up facing 45 degrees forward.
This being your striking surface.
"Shift back, turn on the toe, lifting the heel."
"The most common error I see here, is that people draw the hands into the body, crushing the egg inside of their armpit."
If you do not step to the left you'll be standing on a narrow board.
"In this clip, we're going to do our center elbow drill as a warm up for Israeli martial arts."
My hands are up.
"And you need to know that your videographer is going to be there or your wedding day, especially if you don't talk to him for another month or two or a few weeks depending on how early you book."
That's why I'm going to wrap with paper.
"Anyway, it's going to be a very interesting and fun figurine, that you can make it for some kind of...for your parents, for some friends, and you can personalize also, putting some kind of objects, or making like a caricature of a look-alike of the two characters that I am going to put in there."
"The materials that we are going to use, they are water-based clay, and I'm going to use the gray one."
"And not many tools, one base, one string to cut the clay, these two pieces of wood in order to make the slabs even, a roller pin, and maybe this pick in order to make some cuttings."
It is possible for these floats to get stuck.
That is the different types of brake fluid and the proper way to fill your master cylinder.
This is your vehicles master cylinder.
That's as full as they want it.
"So you bring yourself out, engage the core and reach energy out from your fingers, and if you're shaking like I just was then you want to come to a more bent position."
"And then you can try again, challenge yourself."
"I'm sorry, that's called the turn."
"Once that betting round is over, the dealer will burn a card and turn the first three cards to the community, called the flop."
"Since this is lazy pineapple, this is where each player will look at their hand and make a decision to fold a card."
Okay remember before you drive a backhoe on the public highway make sure all your safety items are in tact.
"He is working me in the front and now I get a chance for a length, another length."
"So I'm going to start on the side, step to the center of the BOSU, and step down to the other side."
"But what I want to do now is, is as I move the coat hanger out to about halfway, what I want to make sure is that they're also not hitting the outside of this coat hanger, like Nick was showing."
"What I try to instill upon them is that as you step in and throw your first punch, okay, you're throwing your second punch you're turning your body, the right hand doesn't have to be 100% of your power."
"Try it again, Nick."
"And that's what we want is nice, straight punches."
Continuing on evening bags the next item I'm going to show you I also picked up at a flea market.
The good thing about this evening bag is that it has a long strap on it so you are not stuck holding it in your arm.
"So to come into side plank what you're going to do is say if I'm going to come into my...I'm going to bring my right side up and my left side down, right?"
I like to do things by eye because I have done this receipt so much that I know that.
I'm going to show you some cheer leading squad cheers today.
You don't want them directly next to you.
"So now that we've learned our ""V""'s, we can do a few variations on them."
"Now that we've learned a ""T"", another basic movement is the ""goal post""."
Now we're going to learn the most basic motions that you're going to need to be the basis of every cheer.
"We want to do a ""K"" motion."
You've got to have your toilet fifteen and a half to sixteen inches at least from any finished surface so that there's room to get in and out of this confined space.
Another common mistake that most homeowners make when finishing their own basement is they forget to put a fan in the bathroom.
"The fan is very important because not only does it take the unsightly vapors out of the house, but it also takes any condensation that develops and vents it outside of the house."
My name is Walt Case I own Card Traders of Austin in Austin Texas.
"Whether it be your local hobby store, or someone that you developed a relationship with online."
One of the questions that's frequently asked is how do I buy baseball cards.
Not necessarily to give you strong ankles but to give you loose and flexible ankles.
"So, what you're going to be wanting to do, is you're wanting to lean your body in the direction that you want the unicycle to turn, and then as soon as you hop up into the air, you're basically torquing the unicycle around with you."
"Go ahead and put it underneath her eyes, and like I said, this goes ahead and gives you the appearance of not only taking away those imperfections underneath the eyes, but it also pops out certain bone structures in your face because you do want to pop out those high cheek bones, and this is exactly what this does when you use this."
"So, they're very, very, almost feels like they're wet feeling, and this is concealer."
"And right up into the eye corners, as you also want it there."
"So you can just adjust how much cable is being pulled right at the caliper, and it's kind of a hit and miss since you can't be pulling and adjust at the same time."
"The pull is good, nice and comfortable. Not too far, not too close. And that is how you adjust your brakes."
And you just go ahead and spin it clockwise until you feel you're getting an adequate amount of pull.
"And then that looks right about good about there, pulling about half way before it starts to engage."
"And then this nut here, go ahead and lock that down so that this one is keeping this one stationary up against the lever body."
This is something that if you practice it daily in just a few minutes if you are on the phone or anything else it is a move that will eventually come to you and it will greatly help your balance.
There are different names.
There are different everything?s.
"And you want to scrub the buffer onto your skin and, yeah that's plenty, and go ahead and do that on your legs."
"So once that's smooth, the next thing you do is you smooth the bottom of the piece out with your sponge."
"But you really just pat the pot, give it a little spank."
Give yourself some patience with that.
"So I just want on the outside part, to make it smooth."
What I'd like to show you is there's a lot of gels that are available out there.
It will melt the gels and so you have to have some space between the gels and the backgrounds.
There's hundreds of different colors that you can get.
But what I'm going to start coating are just a couple of small sheets to show just how to coat and how to work with the material.
"You know I'm looking at the way I'm tearing this paper down and it's like a book already, and I'm like what kind of book can I make today with cyanotypes, and one thing that I forgot to mention is that the cyanotype is cheap."
Enjoy.
"Hi, my name is Chell Garcia-Trias, and I'm a modern dancer in Austin Texas."
"You might find you're not ready to straighten your legs, bend your knees a little bit, that's fine."
"And one of the ways that I find that I make less and less errors, is I'm more comfortable where I'm at in my studio."
"I have music that I listen to, and things like that."
Men can wear bracelets as well as women.
We're going to talk a little bit about how to accessorize using your bracelets.
We call this one the Tommy kick or the Tommy brush because he's basically the guy who does it the best and it kind of got named after him.
The Tommy kick.
And most pants have a tack here.
There we go.
"These types of clothing, they'll fray pretty easily.We'll have that one open. Now that we have that done, we're going to be taking out this chain-stich."
And that's a blind stich and usually they're right here in the corner where the seams are.
See there's a leap right there.
Sometimes it is done with a needle like a little tack.
And there it is.
I think that's it.
There we go.
So you'll want to cut off the ends.
We'll start by preparing some carrot rounds.
So we'll peel those and then we're going to cut a whole bunch of little rounds that we'll use for making our flowers.
It looks something like this.
"You need to be very careful when you melt glass because if you heat glass up too quickly it's just like dropping an ice cube into a hot glass of tea, it will shatter very quickly; it's called thermo-shocking."
"So remember, the thicker the diameter of your glass, the more slowly you're going to have to introduce it to the flame."
"Another way that things happens is, as the child ages, they obviously start to fall a lot."
"Now, you ask why does a child need to be checked?"
"If a child has a mis-alignment at an early age, there's a good possibility that that misalignment can grow into bigger things as that child ages."
"It's much more effective to get that child taken of when they're young, as opposed to waiting for it to be a problem."
So you want to keep your city contacts alive.
"There are two kinds of acts--comics I should say, when they first start out; there's a road act and a city act."
"Why? 'Cause city acts is a little clique and they whisper in the owner's ear, ""Oh, this guy's a hack."" It's not necessarily true, but they want to keep their own position."
"Hi, I'm Robert Nizza, with the BTI group, in San Francisco."
"Before you start thinking about selling part, ask yourself, what are my goals, my objectives for wanting to sell part of the business?"
"Let's say you have a dollar on the pair plus and you have a pair in your hand, your going to get paid even money so your going to make a dollar."
"So, we put my mat guide on four and five eighths, we back it up for that quarter inch on the inside and now we lay this out."
"Okay, so I've put my mat into the mat cutter."
That's all it took was one little tiny nip.
"So, what we are going to do is take the top mat (the one that you see the most of) and we are going to cut that first."
"So, this frame is a sixteen by twenty, so we see that it is seven and three quarters."
"So, what we do is, first we put it on three and seven eighths and we decide that I'm going to use a quarter of an inch of the inside color."
"Okay, so that's that part."
"Boom and, boom and."
"Okay so, when you put it together, break it down."
"Here, here boom, boom, boom."
You kind of start you on the real kind of silly and move around.
Clowns are really kind of crazy.
So you start here and your hands are this way.
Hi my name is Dave Andrews.
"I have a little bit of a rollover here on my navigation items, but it's pretty obvious what each one of these do."
Let's go to our computer and I'm just going to pull up my website here.
"Simmer for about three minutes, cool it, and then strain the leaves and flowers."
Refrigerate the mixture for about two hours.
It is actually the same kick but we are going to add a little bit more by bringing our arms out.
"First off, the mounting system comes in either two, four, or six arm divisions."
"We discuss with you now pre, pre-peel instructions that are appropriate for getting the best results."
And those are just things you to need to keep in mind before actually doing a chemical peel.
It gives you that straight iron effect and smoothness without having to use such intense heat that the straight iron has.
What you want to look for when you look for a brush is the diameter of the brush.
So you want to get rid of those.
"So, first, what you want to do is go through each room, each area, basements, attics, and look."
"So if I'm going to the trouble of having a garage sale or doing all this you really want to go through and pull out all the drawers, boxes, take the tops off and look to see what you have where you won't miss anything."
"We're going to use, we're going to, you work with a Microsoft Windows XP, because that's pretty much what's out there in the world today."
Put the glue side to the drywall and press it on and use your razor knife to cut it when your done.
"I like to lay the tape out on the corner and then use my fingers to press it in to the corner so that I get a nice stick on both sides, both the top and the bottom."
Now we're only going to do just a little place here to show you how to do this and then we're going to move on in to mudding.
"Hi, I'm Les Whitley."
"So take time, focus, add that healthy diet, as well as regular exercise to your routine, to achieve that nice slim waist."
Alright.
Another way that you need to consider affecting your light whether you are inside or outside is how you can control it.
"So right now as I said we are using this garage light and it's very easy for me to control it, I just point it away from my model if I want."
"Or I can reflect it or I can use the black side of a card like this, this is called a flag."
"So whether I'm using the garage light and you want to cover up a certain thing, I can also flag the skylight, so even If I'm outside I can provide some shade for my model."
"So even if you are outdoors and all you have is the sunlight, there are a lot of ways you can control and effect that light."
"You just need to take the peel that is the brown part, use your hands since it's a boiled potato, you are not to use a knife."
All the frames that you buy that are stained will have a more or less glossy finish on them.
You can wipe it off to get any extra moisture.
I think this one is number 5.
"Again, the ideal stance is when the pressure goes down on your feet rather than going forward or going backward."
"If you bounce in this position, that is the position in which you will do a lot of the either the beginner or advanced drills in skiing."
Hi I'm Kelli and I am an Aesthetician and makeup artist At Ulta Salon and Cosmetics and I'm going to give you some tips to clear skin.
I like to use salicylic acid for those types of exfoliation because chemical exfoliants helps keep the pores really nice and clean and helps to control the oil and are nonirritating.
"You want to have your elbows bent a little bit and you want to take this up about ear height boom, right there, nice controlled motion up, controlled down, explosion up and down, straight up and down."
And again this is going to work the side or medial part of your delt.
"You're half a step away, this is where you need to relax."
"Ok. We start throwing now one two, two rights. Again, keep your face out of the mirror. So, four different height mirrors for four different boxers."
"Because, they were so small that they were covering the whole mirror."
Thanks.
"So, what we're trying to do is get your face out of the target out of the head target mirror."
Ok.
"So, as we're stepping forward we're going to bend at the knees and get our face out of the mirror. Ok. Our first, on the other hand is still going directly into mirror directly into their face."
So what I want you to do is once again think about your legs ladies.
While I rest my hands on the left hip.
And that just represents any of the fat that's come to the top.
Let's bring the noodles over and pour them into the colander.
You see the steam that comes up?
Remember I said how important it was to clean the chicken and try to get off as much of the fat as you could.
"O.K., one more time around the pot we should be good to go."
"So now we need to line it up, and we're going to do that by, and this is a great part for the kids to do, just find the rolls and how they gradually go down in size."
"So here's our outline for our dragonfly body, and what we'll do now is take those longer pieces of tape that we had ready from the beginning, we're going to roll those, and they're going to go right along the backside here, right where we put the tape on when we attached the loops, and we're going to press them down."
If you have any questions give your local outfitter a holler.
"They'll have like a little paint blaze, a little rectangle on each tree."
"Belts, shoes, purses, whatever."
"Keep in mind you're going to be pulling design elements to create clothing, and the first part of that is drawing the actual female form, that the clothing is going to be displayed on."
"Now, we'll talk a little bit about the sizing of these systems."
"We're going to go on the smaller side, just today."
"When you're done with these, you're going to feel a lot of work through the lower extremity, even a little bit of core work right here--the quads, the glutes and the hamstrings and even some low leg and ankle with this one."
"MARK BLOCKER: In this segment, we're going to cover installing the wheel."
Here's a cheating method.
That's a little trick.
"The other side of car, you just reverse the application or do everything in reverse orders."
"It's the object of the game, perfection!"
"Same thing in the next frame, 9, miss, 8, miss, 45."
"So, if you get a strike, ""X"", if you get a 9, ""9"", if you make that pin, spare, slash (""/"")."
"It's 20 plus the 10 for the spare, plus the 10 pins I got on my first ball, becomes 40."
"Then I got a triple, which is also called a ""Turkey"", some terminology there."
"Now I'm going to explain a little bit about pirouettes, also what we consider turns in dancing."
"My name is Derek Tarnow, I've been playing guitar for twelve years and I teach and perform."
"Over here, I have a hollow body."
"In fact, it's usually not a good idea."
"The first thing to decide when selecting guitar strings is, you know, what guitar you're selecting guitar strings for."
"Anyway, if you have any questions about guitar strings."
Good.
Take a nice deep breath in as you extend those arms out away from the shoulders.
"If you feel that you have a little tightness and this is a little bit more of a lift, good."
"And we're going to travel with it, so as you do it, as you press up, it's going to allow your other foot in the front to travel forward."
So let's try just a couple of these.
"There's probably the most important thing that you're going to be able to do, if you're in standing position, you're going to be in the neutral standing position with the feet about as wide as your hips, tail bone tucked under, and nice and strong."
"After we have hit the roots on our 4 sections, we are going to let that sit for another 20 minutes."
So you are going to be kind of blending it.
Once you start getting in the three hundred range you start basically tempering the knife.
You start taking out the hardness.
Because you will heat it up to a point where it will lose its hardness.
Handling books with care.
"So please, books are a treasure and handle them and show that you care and they are your treasure."
"Oh, it is so so very very important."
"Somewhere in Egypt is a big river called Denial, and often times we are in denial because we don't really want to admit what we're doing."
"Look, I'm seeing you, and I'm dating you, and I'm not seeing someone else."
But you're not dating.
"By definition, the definition is, if you're dating, you're dating some One, you're not seeing many people."
"This is Dr. Paul, author of ""Boomer Girls, a Boomer woman's guide to men and dating"", and host of Ask Dr. Paul."
"This is just one of the common mistakes that happens when you're trying something new, or you're rolling a little too fast."
"So, what you want to do is, take it slowly at your own pace, and figure these things out as you go along."
Keep your chin nice and raised.
Forward and back.
I'm going to turn to the side here because you're going to want to see how I move forward and back with this.
"And if you put them in backwards, it ruins the bar, and the bar goes bad and you kind of just, you know, it just gets saggy."
That way you have an idea of where you're going to go with each stamp.
It won't be able to balance good on the wood block.
"When you first get your stamps, what you want to do is go ahead and pull out all your blocks and your stamps."
"Next, we want to talk about buying the coconut."
"Now these coconuts, if you buy them individually, at a health food store could sell for probably three to six dollars apiece; which is very expensive."
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail."
You can use as much as you want; it does take a little bit of elbow grease getting in there.
"Now that we've gotten all of our easy dirt and grease up, it's time to go in for the stubborn stains using some baking soda."
If the pages are allowed to dry while they are touching they will fuse together into one mass.
Now one of the problems that you are going to have once you put all of the paper in between the pages is that it is going to distort the book.
"Of course if you want to use your book ever again, your best option is to have slightly distorted pages in order for you to be able to read them."
DR. SUSAN JEWELL: Hello.
"So, these are some ways that you can actually help to reduce, and prevent, and reduce the symptoms of fever."
"Now in this clip, we're going to talk about alternative way versus the conventional way of treating fevers but brief--and that's the herbal, herbal remedies."
Do you use a baseball knee slide?
A lot of guys will throw it over like so.
What I actually like to do is start at the bottom and kind of fold it in half.
I am going to leave enough room because we are going to wrap the other end around this.
"You know make their seat foams really thin because they're not, you know they're not needing to do the moto."
Guys just hitting dirt jumps.
"So, you're at the restaurant and you want to impress your lady."
This is great when you're out and you bought your lady that happy meal and you really want to impress her with a little flower afterwards.
"And, she's going to be very happy and willing tonight."
I totally feel this mask tingling.
This is when I actually do use a wash cloth to take off.
If a honey bee stings you.
You definitely want to use gloves when it comes to using these materials.
"What we have is, this is lamination resin."
This is a four ounce fiber glass.
"And, what you do is, you know, you use the resin to apply the fiberglass and get it to bond to the surf board."
"And then, this is what is called Q Cell, or micro balloons."
"And, what it is it is just a finely chopped fiber glass."
"And it, what I call it is a surf board bondo, you know what I mean."
You want to feel very comfortable in what you're wearing.
Comfortable shoes is a must.
"Something that you can tie, and that wouldn't slip off very easily."
"Lures always come with a hook, but sometimes it's not the hook you want."
"In other states there aren't regulations like that, but you might still want to change them for other reasons."
So I've got a single hook on this lure right now.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to change it to a treble hook.
"I'm just going to put my nail, my thumbnail into that ring, bend it apart and now I'm going to start the hook that I want to take off backwards."
"You had 4 lollipops and they can draw the lollipops if they need to but this time they might not need to, plus 3 equals how many?"
Then tell them another number story.
"I had 8 teddy bears and somebody gave me 2 more, how many teddy bears did I have at the end of the day?"
And they write it in.
"Drawing teddy bears would be tedious, tell them to make a circle for each teddy bear or a dot."
"In this clip, we'll actually be ear candling."
This is where your bowl of water comes in handy.
"You simply remove the candle from your ear, being careful, and remove it from the tray, and then drop the end in the water."
Not because they're the least important but because they're very important.
"They own the 18 that we talked about, anywhere inside that 18 on the defensive end of the field, the goal keeper is allowed to get that ball."
"You have to make sure that you control the ball, it's a person that has to dive and make saves and has to probably get a little dirtier than everybody else as well."
"Making sure that you're making sure that that ball never gets into the back of that net, that is your job."
"Your job is awesome because you can see the field, you kind of need to be the field general, telling your defense where to be, seeing the different players and where they need to put the ball, making sure you move your players into right position."
Be sure the juice coming out from the beef we want to get them inside the wok because we want to keep the vegetables dry and not from the oil and the grease is off the beef.
You just spray all throughout the whole shoe top to bottom and it will repeal water stains and other stains that you may get.
First of all.
Spray it with your favorite dusting oil.
"Essentially, all you're doing is putting bait down a hole to attract fish."
"So you can do anything from chopping up shiners, and putting pieces down a hole; that's really a good technique for lake trout, to taking maggots putting them down a hole."
"You can also do the same thing; you can cut up night crawlers into very small pieces; again, put those down the hole."
"Now, I am going to show you how a terracotta sculpture is made, a small piece, but I will show you."
"This is before fire, when in the fire is sand, rust, and brick, so if we keep it in the solo shape the heat is distributed much better, so that the heat doesn't affect."
Thank you.
"You take a knife and cut the edges, cut the edges, so that you get a nice long six inch scale or eight inch scale depending on what."
There's no question it takes four legs to make a usable horse.
"Then, we have down here, another part similar."
There is a barrage of places that you can take real estate classes.
These are all things you can see just from following the ball.
"This is why in our stance we have a level head, we have both eyes pointed down at the pitcher, makes it much easier to pick up."
A) if you don't see the ball you can't hit the ball.
What is the other thing that you get to see?
Basically they are a mixture of essential oils that have alcohol or some other kinds of preservatives added to them.
"One of his other faults, he does fidget a little (laughing)."
His faults we're going to overcome because one thing that Bailey has that goes with what I look for in a barrel horse is an excellent disposition.
"However, as we'll talk about there are some conformational faults that I will overlook if the horse is a performer."
"So you're going to tense, release, tense, and release."
Another exercise you can do is to help strengthen the inner thighs.
"Alright, we're going to continue to cut up onions until they're nice and small and then we're going to go ahead and make our sauce for the steak."
That's going to make the sauce a little bit ahead of time so we give it a chance to cool down before we spoon it over the top of our steak and mushrooms.
"Alright, those onions look pretty good so we're just going to move them off to the side."
We're going to take a small mixing bowl and we're going to go ahead and put a tablespoon of Dijon mustard.
"You can do this with country mustard, horseradish mustard, depending on how much you like spice."
Now we're ready to cut.
So what I've done is for one of my dimensions created a line so it's nice to know where you're going.
Once I'm lined up I hold it in my place.
So if it soaks overnight it's going to be very moist you want it to be saturated fully.
And what I'm going to do is cut a piece to fit in this container.
This segment would be a background in Buddhism.
Hi!
"Now if you feel any strain, any pressure in the knee, you must be very, very careful and get that checked out, because any kind of damage down there can get bad in a hurry."
"Again, one way and the other way."
"Whenever you're measuring something like this it can have a tendency to spill, so it's best to pour it out over into what you plan to put it in, that way there's no waste."
If you like costume jewelry and you want to just buy a big bunch of it all at once it's very easy to do this within a limited budget at either an antiques fair or a knock off place or a discount store like Target or Mervyns.
"Both of these places have really cute costume jewelry, and you can go spend a lot of money, all lot at once, and completely change your jewelry wardrobe."
Open up a bottle of nice white wine.
"We're going to eat it, we're going to open up some wine, and we're going to tell you storage, how much it costs."
"They will brown it, it'll look beautiful in the oven."
Make some asparagus like I said.
Know your limits.
"So, if you write to me, I am so angry because you did that, well, I can't hear your tone of voice to determine how angry."
"Because you got to remember, once you hit that send button, it cannot be retrieve, it cannot be retread."
The damage has been done.
So you want to avoid that.
"Again, it makes it very impersonal."
That's the best part about it.
So I've done this with alligator clips.
"All right, there's our audio jack and this is a live cable."
"This is going into a guitar amplifier over there, so we just kinda put it on there."
"And now, what I've got here are--if you look at the speaker here, there are two terminals."
"Every speaker has two, sometimes three little contacts on it that go to these wires that are going to the circuit board."
"Well, what you can do is you can take your alligator clips and just clip it on those two terminals on the speaker and then you can take the other side of those clips and clip it on to the terminals of your jack here."
"So, if we use the needles, going upward to the lung direction and then we thread needle underneath the skin and if we can go point three, point five inches, we can stimulate two points."
So this is the hand.
"So we are going to do it again with just one dog Ty we would use you, Ursula, Raven come over here now we are going to do it with one dog."
"Hey Ty how are doing? Hey buddy come over here hi what a good boy, yes good job, good boy. So as you can see it is a little bit less chaotic when you are working with one dog at a time and working at the doors we are kind of combining 2 things here and talking about working with multiple dogs and the benefits with working with one dog at a time."
We are going to do this 2 ways I'm going to show you how chaotic it could be if we do it with multiple dogs and then we are going to do it again with just one dog.
"I'm going to go ahead and take what I put on the side before and I am going to place it in here and stir it all up and flavor it up, OK. Let's take that in there now."
So I'm stirring it up and I am going to cook it for a little while longer.
That's absolutely fine.
The marine organism we're going to identify now is the yellowhead jawfish.
"While hovering over their burrow, yellowhead jawfish are constantly feeding."
They're very interesting fish to watch.
Okay we also have our black-beans that we have soaked overnight and they are ready to go into the pot.
The biggest thing that people say when they have a busy schedule is that they just can't get their exercise in.
"Kisco, New York, and it's called La Tulipe Desserts, and I designed their logo."
"I can't really say that I've had a zillion jobs doing logos, so I can't really say that I specialize in it."
You've also got digital zoom.
Optical is locking in a lot better because you're able to into to something optically and make it larger with the same amount of pixels.
So let's start with our legs.
"Those are the major, major parts in these types of basic merengue steps."
The leader is traveling and he's taking his dance partner with him.
Any part that's connected.
"Such as the Studbook National Berlin Opera, I have ballet and classic operations with Russian technique, contemporary, jazz, modern, presented samba, and of course belly dance and also their artist directors and choreographer of Super Star belly dance dot com."
Hi!
"A written budget will not only help you keep on track, but will also help you to evaluate where your budget needs to be revised."
There are many reasons why a budget might fail or why people give up on their budget but drawing up a budget is usually pure drudgery and livened only by the reality of staring your foolish spending habits in your face.
"Annual costs such as dues, subscription fees and car insurance and divide them out by 12."
"He'll hit his two serves, and if he gets the first one in, he'll hit one serve."
"Let's say, your game score is at 6-6."
"If you want to know more about me, you can see my details after this final unit."
Once you hit dirt with a pressure washer it's going to blast whatever you see out there.
Had there been any windows that we might need to put a board or a door to make sure there's no water seepage underneath doors.
"If you're going to dribble the ball or run the ball end to end, you might as well be dribbling while you're doing it."
And try to build strength in to the basic skills of basketball is good as well.
"So, when you're thinking about setting up conditioning for your practice, try to incorporate the basic skills of basketball into each conditioning drill that you do."
"One of the actors in this place played a police officer, who in a sort of a funny scene decided to have tea."
You can have a lot costumes.
We had men's suits.
"So, you have to build up that speed by step out, turn the foot, you see and your body is turning up and then the kick."
So once again.
"So step, jump, kick."
Okay.
"So performed at full speed, it looks like this."
Now we need this to be as flat as possible so we can get nice cuts.
Cold water really doesn't give you a lather.
In this clip we're going to be applying the base coat.
"Put a little bit on your paper, and then walk it over to your wall and see if you're close to the grout color, if not, just keep adjusting your paint color."
"We may be a little dark or a little light, you just keep adjusting until you hit that color that you need there."
"And when you think you've got it, you come back and you paint your entire switch plate cover, including the screws."
"You're going to paint your receptacle as well, watching, again, for the little holes there, so you can keep them free of accumulated paint."
In this segment I'm going to talk about Jack completing his backswing.
"And it also wouldn't hurt you, if you start hitting the ball poorly an excellent place to look first is, are you completing your backswing."
"Be like Jack, you're starting to make some mistakes on the course, make sure you're completing your backswing."
Hi!
It doesn't take much for a child to drown.
Join me when we come back and I'm going to show you the ingredients you need to make Hawaiian pork.
"It can go inside the stove too but we're not going to need to do that in this case, has a nice lid to it, a sharp chefs knife."
"And again, don't stay in one position; kind of go up and down a little bit, back and forth."
"If you feel your client getting tense you know to back up just a little bit; ease up just a little bit, perfect."
Then after you do that you can give her a nice little massage with neck and shoulders.
If you have a treble hook that makes it even more difficult.
"This is where you create a nice shape for your lips, like that rosebud lips or if you like those pointed lips, which is up to you."
"And again, fill it in because you don't want to see the lip liner."
You want it to all look natural and blended.
In this clip we are going to talk about record keeping for families who home school.
"Okay we have worked around our third level, side one, corner one, side two, corner two, all the way to these third corners, third side and our very last corner."
"Then again we are going to chain one to keep our float and our pattern and our sizing the same, we are going to go one, two, three, and get our needle in there."
And as much as forty-five thousand dollars a year depending on where you are.
So our next step is going to be conditioning the hair.
"Though if you're only cleaning one record, you don't have to worry about that."
"Once you decide upon the purpose your fence will hold then next thing you want to choose is your style, height, and color."
"So gardening to me is just like meeting everybody else that you meet in your life, you enjoy their company when they're there, and you invite them over whenever you can, but you realized that you can't possibly have every plant in the world in your garden, and it's about change, some plants stay for years and years, some plants go away after two years, but I never take it personally, because I know there's many more plants that I can meet in the future, that will enjoy my garden."
"And so, I like to look on the Internet, onto different websites that give you lots of different ideas on what to plant in your garden, but when it comes down to it, I just collect plants wherever I go, and that's a good rule of thumb."
"You don't always have to know the names of everybody that comes to your party to enjoy their company, so I try to remember the names of the plants that I purchase, but of course I forget some of the names, and in the end, that doesn't really matter, because all that matter is, that you enjoy your garden, because it is an extension of you."
"This Cleopatra canna-lily is of course one of my most favorite plants in my garden, and I've got some in the garden, I've got some in containers, I love the striped leaves."
Let's see and lets try something else I smash my garlic a lot of time before I chop it anyways but I have always been told if you take with the skin on and just hit it that is another way to get the skin off really easy.
There are relief printmaking inks but there is a limited number of pigments available.
"The only difference is in the viscosity of the ink which you can alter for your uses, for what you need."
"So, we'll add our garlic and our capicola or our prosciutto and we're going to want to add some wine, white wine, to deglaze the pan."
So about a half a cup to a cup each.
So we're going to cut that off both parts and then we're going to remove them because that's about the size that we want to chop our garlic.
"So, we'll grab the sides and chop and then we'll do it again."
And what you want to be able to do is you want to be able to level the slate before you put the cloth on.
And you want to have this one room in your life where you can come home at night and rest from all of the exposure.
You don't want to have all those TV’s and DVDs players and phones and it's very important not to have your alarm clock and phone right by your head so that I see quite often.
So if you can Jane here has simple quartz clock that she changed from an electric clock so this is much safer.
"Have you woken up the next day, pounding headache, dry mouth, realized it may have been the amount of drink you had last night?"
"So that and water, you still get a little sweetness in your drink without having to mix it with any of those dangerous sugars that are going to laid to you being dehydrated the next day."
My name is Jeff Klein and bartender and vodka connoisseur here at Beak's Old Florida and that is the best vodka for no hangover.
"We're going to have to have a pencil on hand and a scissors, along with a paintbrush for decorating the paddle."
"So basically you want to position the ball towards that area, the area of the front foot, okay?"
"If my armor had already been extended, and I had been in mid-attack and touched, even just after I had stepped off with one foot, the touch would still be in my favor."
"Second of all, that it's better to step off with one foot, than with two feet, if possible, and also that the score will also go in your opponent's favor if you step off the, the piste."
"Now if I'd only stepped over with one foot, a halt would also be called."
And you just keep it clean and take care of that.
"So, see the physician."
Get an anti-viral medication prescription and again that should be good.
"It's a very effective way to get rid of that unwanted hair, but one thing you might want to think about is after the treatment, you might experience some redness, some swelling and some sensitivity."
Make sure your shower is maybe luke warm because it's just going to irritate the skin.
One thing you can do to help that is exfoliate ten days after the treatment.
This beginner Pilates Exercise is called the double leg stretch.
So really concentrate on pulling your abdominal muscles and focus on your breath.
I'm going to put this on here until I get just a gram.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to measure out a liter of water.
Give it a little bit more heaviness on the bottom of the bag.
You could even sew in a little bit of interfacing in here if you want to make it a nice stiff bottom.
"So, that is it for potatoes, thank you have a good day."
You want to make sure the color is even all the way around.
From here you are going to twist that shoulder and face towards your other side.
Thanks for watching.
You don't want it above or below but straight in line with that shoulder and then you are going to slowly start to turn your body out to the left side.
Or give a line.
"I'm looking at though and I'm thinking to myself, it looks nice, I like the color of it."
Such as maybe something out of here.
With safety glasses and some type of foot and protection and covering.
Even something as simple as the common sparkler can cause significant burn injuries.
That really helps keep the sound from going up.
"If I were building this home from the ground up, or I wanted to make this better, I would put T-111 over the plywood and then put shingles over that."
"And if you would like to add another orange peel on top, feel free to do so."
Cheers.
"We're going to start off with a very strong hot cup of coffee, and we'll add to that some sugar."
You take the arms right out ahead of you and stretch.
"Hi my name is Tim Cole, I'm with the Austin Reptile Service."
I'm here to talk to you about keeping Chinese water dragons.
"So just always, you know, ask questions, and assess based off of systems that are already set up in place."
It's not rude to ask.
"It's very respectful, and it gives you a good insight as to the needs that they'll need for canoeing or rafting, or just sort of any type of adaptable equipment."
It actually just funnels the light down to a smaller beam.
"If you were to take a look at your teeth underneath a microscope, the enamel of your tooth, even though it's the hardest substance in our bodies, it's still pretty porous."
So it may take you longer to get to your results and you'll have to be a little bit more patient versus the in-office or in professional store whitening where you have a higher concentration of that peroxide.
Torso Twist with Buddha Arms and elbows extended.
As you twist keep the hands in front don't let them go ahead.
Keeping the hips facing forward if you notice my belly button is still facing the same way as I'm twisting.
"So you want to make sure that you keep the hands in front, maybe kind of look at them without lowering your chin."
"Things such as leaves, dried grass also can create a problem even in the open area, with the sparklers, shower of sparks, and heat."
"I'm Captain Joe Bruni, stay safe and we'll see you next time."
"Also using media, to keep this layer thinner."
"Of course, a little bit on the eye area."
That just gave us a little bit of extra help just covering up any little blemishes or anything like that under the eye area.
"Now that we've evened out her complexion with a foundation, we're going to go back and cover up any little areas that may need a little bit more coverage."
How do you ask a coworker out on a date?
Okay.
"And you have to have a commitment, both of you, to not have anything stated."
"They did make this style of clock, called the Neuchatel clock, it goes back to the seventeen hundreds, but they actually still make reproductions of them today."
"And when you buy the reproductions now is Switzerland, perhaps, they always come with that same bracket, with the same floral paintings and things going on there as well."
My cotton candy cone didn't look like this on my first try.
"So it's really hard at first, you have to get the hang of it."
We are to be using this to keep the seeds out of here.
We are actually are going to be using two baking sheets today because one we are going to start off by cooking our bacon that will later go in with our potatoes.
So if you like your spiced Rum a little bit sweet.
Then we're going to do two ounces of spiced Rum.
And you are on your way.
These are going to be a lot faster and a lot quicker.
"This is more of the whip, okay."
"But this one will deliver a fast whip, okay."
"They're weighted, there's pins in them, and you can see, this is where you hold them, they're weighted, okay."
It's the real thing.
"This pair right here that I have with me, are hard, Bruce Lee styled nunchucks, okay."
You need to process through that color.
Here I've got onion and garlic tomatoes that's just going to make everything taste better.
Oh and by the way we have a mixing bowl here because you may need one of those.
"I've got a plate of boneless, skinless chicken breast here, the frozen kind so I let them defrost."
"And then go ahead and grab your scallops, as many as you like and just add those to the pan too."
See how beautifully white they are?
So let's talk about bedroom furniture.
"Again, they use this again for spacing."
"You can put a dresser, which is the long dresser."
"My name is Pete Bailey, Skyline Thinning Company."
And this will determine how much more you need to push it in to place.
Get out any crinkles.
And you want to take some pins and go ahead and pin it in please.
This bag's only fifty dollars!
One of the things is that people think that you have to keep your dog on the same side at all times.
"I have, I walk several dogs at a time and I can mix them up any way I want and change who walks next to who and however I want to do it because I am the pack leader and I get to decide what it is I want to do with the dogs."
You need to be confident.
Once you're ready to go in you'll be given a number by the judges.
I'm Dr. Joe Neely.
"The second alternative to dentures would be to put an implant, a root tooth substitute in the bone, put a ball attachment on top of it, put the female portion of the ball attachment into a denture and then have that denture snap into place to where now the denture is supported actually by the bone."
The only other alternative to dentures is nothing.
I would suggest having coffee for more than two weeks after it's opened.
Don't go for the already preground stuff.
"So then you can bring it home, grind it yourself so you're going to have that fresh-ground taste."
You don't want to leave that out though to open air.
"And, then pretty much doing the same thing that you would do if you were standing or sitting as curling the dumbbell."
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to do a little stretch that I will show you as well.
And then extend them.
"Now this is different than what we've written earlier in an earlier page, where we've, you know, talked about, this is why we wrote the report, these are the highlights of the report."
And that's all it is.
"So your power down swing after a power back swing, intent, use everything, and let the ball determine the angle that you're going to swing, natural and hard."
"Another part of it is to make sure that you're using everything that you have, your hands, your arms, your body, your intent, you're using everything."
"Now if you look at the way this is set up, this is one of your newer setups as far as shower goes."
This one on the end is a flow rate valve and this is a water saver so you can crank it up if you really want to get a great burst of water or you can cool it down while you are shaving.
"What we're going to do, is lift your right hip, and place this blanket, right under that right hip, and then go ahead and relax the legs."
And I'm using a stick and a half of unsalted butter.
You don't want it melted.
"It goes from this solid little clumpy thing to what's starting to be a batter, like a cookie batter."
"Ooh there's another good thing, cookie batter. Yum. I'm thinking you'd do this for about a minute, a minute and a half at the most."
You want to use a paddle attachment.
"As you exercise more, your heart, and all the other tissues of your body become more efficient at utilizing the oxygen for creating energy."
"We're not quite sure of the exact mechanism of how this works, but we do know that with exercise you get more efficient at utilizing the oxygen."
"So yeah, workbench that's about the right size, you can have your soldering iron there, you want to be near an electrical outlet where you can put the soldering iron and have enough space to work."
"I might not normally have everything that I use for circuit bending on the table at one time and I've just kind of done that here because we're making these videos, but you do want a space that kind of a nice space you can clear and put your project in front of you, a place where your soldering iron is handy."
"It's going to be broken up and throw into our bigger dish anyway, so it doesn't matter what it looks like."
"I just entered a cup, I couldn't quite figure out."
So the third thing that I did was to unload my kitchen.
"So this was, these were the first boxes that I chose to unpack."
"Obviously because the kitchen is something that you use everyday, and that you're going to need to use a lot."
"That's something that you can do on your triathlon bike, and that can help get you into the aero position."
The same could be said for triathlon.
"Moving on in intensity, we have what we call extensive endurance, where you do a lot of extensive endurance in the base period."
"This back and forth, back and forth that means I'm false casting."
I find references to be extremely valuable and I also take a lot of time to call my references and let them know that I am going to be using them as a reference and that if someone calls them to please call me so I know that the person you are giving your resume to is generally interested in you.
Now there are so many different types of photography that you can create different types of resumes.
"You want to have your name, your address, your mailing address, your phone number, a lot of times I put an e-mail too."
"As you’re turning your gaze up to the hand or straight ahead, you can even bring your right hand to your hip."
Going up and down as many times as you need to feel that relaxation coming into your client.
"I'm going to lift up the knee, change hands, steady myself, as I lift I'm rolling underneath her."
"If you don't have a juicer just use a regular fork, punch it in the middle of the lemon and we can squeeze most of the amount of juice out of the lemon."
"If you notice I can pick it up and nothing is happening, that is because the key is not in."
"Now that we have our skis put on appropriately, and we have our correct size poles match up, the next thing to do is learning how to actually Nordic ski."
And just sort of like your doing a forward moon walk in your socks in the kitchen.
I think that that's the ultimate adventure.
"If you are a by the books planner, then get a travel agent or book things ahead of time and be responsible."
"You know how you like to travel, you know if you like to wing it or not."
That's fine.
"Um, yeah, you don't see that ever."
"There's a lot of fun things that you can do while torso hooping, but you really need to make sure that you have momentum when doing these things."
"Hello, I'm Robert Todd, and I'm here to answer the question, how do I obtain a copyright?"
"Copyright Office, which can be found at, www.copyright.gov, which will answer most of your questions."
"Well, guess what?"
"In the sake world, the cleaner, lighter flavors are in sort of the Ginjo category, and what I'll recommend; when people come in, they say, well, I kind of like a lighter white wine; I'd like a, like a Sauvignon Blanc, I like not a super oaky Chardonnay; it's got some body to it; I like ales; kind of clean beers."
"So, it's just good to practice getting down everything proportionately."
Typically two coats should be more then enough to cover your wall.
We want to hit him and push for a negative gain.
"He came in, he hit low and made a good stop in the backfield and he finished off the tackle giving no hope to our running back."
Once he sheds the block he has to take on this guy.
"Once he's hit low, he wants to wrap up, keep his feet moving and drive through the tackle."
Today I want to talk to you for just a few moments about rhythm in fighting.
The danger with a flowing kind of rhythm is that it can become kind of predictable.
So here's an example of where you can use rhythm to your advantage.
"This was first developed by Bruce Lee, taught to Joe Louis, who taught it to me and I'm teaching it to you so you have got a good family tree."
"Tab it, button it and then you have your fitted sleeve."
Huh?
You might want to right that down and go through those sequences together.
"All right, here we go."
"So, we've got a move called the up and under move."
"Belvedere to me is a great vodka, little on the higher end but very distinct crisp flavor."
"Absolute and water, guaranteed no hangover the next day."
And I'm here to tell you what's the best vodka.
"So make sure that you use your lower half and your core section throughout your swing, and you get in the appropriate sequence."
The other thing that we need to do is be able to use our entire body during the swing.
"But, until you spend some time with the girl, and, for, let's say fifteen minutes, twenty minutes, then you can actually say, hey listen, can I get you a drink?"
"You don't be like, oh, can I just get you a drink?"
"This is Art Malov and this has been, How To Buy Someone A Drink."
"And, that's not the right way to do it."
"So, don't buy a drink in the first five minutes."
This is over under.
"Now, that that's clear, you're free to move to the calf, so what you want to do, is start at the ankle, and move all the way up to the calf, and your fingers can trace that muscle, and actually hold that muscle right in your hand, just like that."
Thanks.
"If this is congested, this congestion is not going to go anywhere, so you need to get the congestion out of the hamstring first, and then work the calves, so real quick, just work the calf."
"You can do some basic strokes, gliding all the way up the leg, using the fingers and the palms, very gently, and kneading is also a wonderful way, to massage the hamstrings."
Every School has to decide what kind of school their going to be.
When I first started martial arts I thought I was a really good fighter.
"It use to be a contentious issue back in the 70's or so, people thought it was cheating to use chalk."
It is dangerous.
"Now after a few days or hours or however long it takes, the clay will start to settle and the water will rise to the top of the bucket, so you can keep using your bucket over and over by just tipping it and letting the water runoff."
You can see that everything that's running off is just clear water.
"I'm the owner of a local fish store in Lindon, Utah, called Reef Runners."
"First of all, let's briefly define what clean is."
So now we can peel the insulation off the wire back to where we started and then the paper comes right off and we can clip it off.
We will cut the insulation off the wire.
So what we have essentially done is severed insulation without touching the wire and the insulation will pull off as we slide these to the side.
If you need to know what size wire you have and inside there is a little razor that is used to cut through that wire.
"And today, we are building a campfire in my backyard in the snow."
You can take your pipe cleaner and add a few branches by twisting.
"You can always add more but we don't want to put a lot of oil on her face but we do need a little bit because we will be working on some of the neck muscles, we need that gliding motion which oil can help provide."
"want to check in and if you're not sure, if you get oil and you've had it for a little bit of time, please smell it first."
"Now you definitely do not want to put oil on a child that might be a little bit rancid, a little bit tainted at all."
"So when you hear minus three, minus ten, minus eleven that means it's the differential between the length of the bat and the ounces of the bat."
"So a minus three bat would a thirty two twenty nine, or a thirty three thirty, because it's three ounces lighter than the length."
"So with the customer having a parting, he obviously is not going have the hair going straight forward or going back."
"So, we're going to say for instance that this customer wants a parting."
"Hi, I'm Lori Schneider with Figs Catering in Austin, Texas."
Today I am going to show you how to make a spaghetti squash casserole with a pink and almond crust.
Let's open up our calendar and create a new item today at eleven o'clock.
"You'll notice that the reminder at the top is set to ""none""."
Another thing to consider is on this toy it needs 3 batteries.
"However, if it didn't have the screw it would be dangerous for children because the batteries could pop out and they could put them in their mouth."
"In this video clip, I will show you how to check for dangerous parts on toys."
"We have done the red lipstick on Amalia, in this little clip we're going to talk about the lip gloss."
"So I try to clean everything really clean here, I have these special Q-tips that are tightly wound and so no fibers will get onto my lip gloss because, you know, lip gloss is really sticky."
The belt that I'm holding here is a lap only belt this belt locks with a bar inside it that pulls when the belt buckle is parallel to the belt path itself.
"But the only reason that I would like to demonstrate it, or at least how it's suppose to be make, is just to show you again, the difference between the level cue rule, what we have to do to make this particular shot, and some of the extreme action you can get on a cue ball if you know how to stroke it properly."
"So, with our masse shot here."
"What that means is literally the points are short, short collar."
"You have some warms, you have some cools, you have some darks."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can choose colors for your skin tone.
"As you can see, our model has fair skin, very beautiful skin."
I find out that can air almost spits out condensation and that can actually ruin my negative.
In my studio I just have a bit vat of isopropyl alcohol that I use.
If you scratch that.
It really helps.
Makes sense.
Has a fine layer of filth on the negative.
"It allows the sparks, most of the sparks to go into the water and settle to the bottom."
Over fifty percent of the birds died.
"But, just go with it."
"Like, think Nine-O-Two-One-O bodysuits with the jean shorts that are cuffed."
These are great for the oily type of skin as this absorbs the excess oil from the skin without disturbing the moisture level of the skin which is very important in using any type of mask.
now these masks are very easy to get ready from the market and use at home.
There are two basic kinds of bags in terms of how they are built.
They can help you get the right bag and the right fit at the right temperature for you and that is how to buy a sleeping bag.
"The down bag is lighter, warmer, but if you are going to be in any kind of wet climate or in any danger of getting that bag wet, wet down is useless and takes forever to dry."
"Now, to make the bail on your pendant, you need to have your cold seal attached here to the bottom of the pendant, and take your - I'm going to use a clear borosilicate rod - you can use any sort of rod color or clear, but it has to be a solid rod."
I have two in my mouth.
"So, load the first one and load the second one in the other cannon."
"Next, what you want to do, put your finger on that place, take the tape and take a bit of tape."
And you switch it to the other side.
"And, if corrosion starts, it starts corroding the battery tray under the car, and it will eat down into the wire."
Sometimes you can find corrosion inside one of your battery cables by using a razor and slicing open the rubber shielding on the cable.
"Okay, here is the car battery in this particular car."
"You simply pour it over the battery, and it will foam up and then you can rinse it off with clean water."
Now a way you can actually make this gag gift would be just buy a dart board from the nearest store that you can find it from and get the picture made.
Now next the lid it is a similar amount of clay probably closer to two and a half pounds and look there we happen to have it.
"It goes right over, nicely over the coat."
This is a great brush if you're just showing your dog and you need to take a brush into the ring.
This is a great brush to take into the ring with you.
We're still working on pin brush with a large breed dog.
"You want to put the ball with one hand, o.k., right about the waist size of the waist elevation or area of your body."
"Put the ball in front of you, take about three steps with it, Drop the ball, o.k."
So today I'm going to be explaining how to do that.
"You normally want to get comfortable with the ball so what you can do is just take a few bounces on the ball with your hands, so bounce the ball down about two or three times, o.k."
"Then you want to put the ball with one hand, right about in the west, in your west area, waist, I'm sorry, in the waist area."
"O.k., now put the ball in front of you, o.k. You're going to take about three steps going forward and then you're going to be dropping the ball, o.k."
"Now that we've got our first three strings on our low E string, A string and D string."
"The string goes through the saddle, the groove in the saddle there."
It's almost the same; it's kind of the opposite motion.
"Here, walk it out and literally hand to the wrist, hand to the shoulder, lengthen that arm."
"So what we're going to do, ask her to lift her head, place something underneath the head, a blanket, a pillow, anything that you've got to help your client feel comfortable."
"Now if you've got someone that's really, really tiny and you got a nice little gap right here, you want to place a pillow or blanket right there too to keep your client comfortable."
"Start right back towards the elbow and again, palming."
"In this clip, we're going to discuss the best brand of hair color, permanent hair color."
These are this permanent hair color.
"Many different color lines, and one of the best permanent hair colors to me has been Framesi."
"Just looking at some of the ones I set up here, the YouTube videos, this day in history, a language translator, driving directions, a Wikipedia search, this multi search, searching Dictionary.com, search eBay."
So you could go to Gmail.com and create an account that way.
"But in this series, I'll show you how to use iGoogle and everything you can do with it."
"So, to get started, you probably want a Google account."
"The eye area is very sensitive, so we don't want to use anything that's going to damage or irritate the eye."
"We're continuing now with the Traveling Step. All of these variations has a little bit of a, of a traveling to two sides."
"Walk to the right, look right, look forward, sweep and sweep."
"Now we walk to the right, look right, sweep the left knee."
"Now, again you have to be nice and loose and have that Frisbee touch every single part of your arm."
"You can also do the inverted roll coming up your arms and then back down the other side and if you notice I'm leaning back and then coming forward again, leaning back coming forward again, leaning back coming forward again."
It is really easy.
Bulgaria is two hours ahead of Greenwich mean time.
"It means, that it is seven hours later in Bulgaria than it is on the east coast of the United States."
"These are all clues to fish tanks or a fish store that maybe isn't keeping their fish in the ""toppest"" condition."
"Now, when you're in your local fish store -- and maybe you only have one, but hopefully you'll have a couple to choose from, you want to make sure you're looking at the tanks and you're seeing tanks that are clean and well cared for."
Algae I wouldn't worry about too much about.
Algae is part of an aquarium.
"Hi, this Sean Hobson, and right now we're working with our centers."
"Now one of the very last things that you want to do and possibly the very last thing you want to do is to go and check your mailbox, to make sure that you don't have any mail."
"So make sure you check your mailbox, and then, and then also if you're renting a place, make sure that you return the key."
"This liquid right here actually adds shine to the hair, leaving the hair soft, and it's wonderful."
Clipper over comb is mostly used to get those little stragglies where it's uneven.
"A lot of microwaves on the top, which is right here on this unit, is we have a bunch of presets."
So I'll go ahead and hit 'Clear'.
"Check inside, look around, see what you can find."
"Like I said, just to make sure that you do cook things properly, to avoid things drying."
"We have our numeric buttons, of course, if we want to type in how long we want something to be in there."
"As your dog learns the ""leave it"" command better, you will no longer have to be down on one knee."
"Proper flicking technique does not land on the flat of the blade, it actually engages the tip, because of course, that's the only way you're going to land that touch."
Let's do that one more time.
"Because you're going to come in, and enter the gap, close to him, and cut him down over my back."
"As you notice it's pretty easy for me to turn around with Daniel, because he's on my hips."
"The harder you bring it down, the less likely they're going to be willing to try it again."
"What you want to do is, you want to take off, just like a regular dunk, 45 feet out and once you take off, you want to raise up and actually bring the ball behind your head."
Touch your numbers if you can and bring it down over the rim with authority so that no one can block your shot.
"Hi I'm James Dix from reptile rescue service in Salt Lake City, Utah."
"To do that, you start by getting a lint free cotton ball."
"It just makes it easier, if you have a little system to go through."
"You may also have to actually go underneath the nail, to get any excess polish off."
Okay Guy.
Whereas I'm going to catch it and then return it back to him again.
So we're getting quite a bit of different work outs here.
So I'm tossing it to Guy.
Here is just a big graphite paddle this is used for all sorts of dimensions and to shape things with your glass.
"Any or all combination with these tools, you can also make sweet glass art."
Now this is just your average igniter for your grill or whatever starts a little bit the flame.
It is a good idea to start all of your bolts before tightening any of them down.
"And the concept is pretty much to go from one bolt, you just have to pick one and start with it, to going to the next farthest one away."
All right.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the proper way to reinstall your vehicle's thermostat and the engine thermostat housing."
So a week before when you start your training physical training for the marathon you really need to know what your city requires in order for you to be able to compete in the marathon.
"This can be used as an accent to bracelets, jewelry and any type of earrings."
"Otherwise, if you use your pliers or your smaller wire cutters, you're going to probably damage them."
"If you come in and pull it straight out, what will end up happening is you'll get lines right in this section of the head."
And I got about a 1 1/2 cup of rice that I have already washed in this bowl.
"So, you're basically paying one dollar for each of those bets in every single combination that there is and trust me there's a lot of them, especially with that many numbers, you're basically taking those six positions and writing out every single combination of those numbers in every single way."
"And, that's basically a Daily Double."
"So, for race two, we're picking what number we think is going to come in first, and that's the very first number we put in a Daily Double."
"If we were to wheel this, the first half of our wheel, if you remember back to our wheel, was a one."
"We're going to learn to do Sukhasana with a belt, because oftentimes, as you're getting used to sitting on the floor, it's not that comfortable for your lower back."
"Create the length, receive and enjoy."
"You're going to need at least a ten foot belt, and then you're just going to make it, hook the belt, and then make it equal."
"Then as you've looped it, there's two loops."
"So why is it important to warm up, to have warm up postures, warm up movements, before the regular yoga postures, the Asana?"
"You want to warm up your muscles a bit, before you come in to a full-blown posture."
We're going to go over that.
"So it's really important to make sure, that before you come into the rest of your practice, you've practiced some warm up movements."
My wool jersey has a similar fit to I had with my more traditional road fit jersey.
A little bit looser in the elbows and a much looser hem which makes it work a lot better with a baggy short.
And also a half a shot of butterscotch schnapps.
There we go.
And that's a good way to finish off your day.
She's going to bring that hand down and just pat herself right in between her shoulder blades.
It might even take time to take a little triceps stretch right here.
"Till eventually, she can hold each other's hands."
Sitting square on both her sit bones.
"Now I'll take my scoring tool again, and score the top of the knob."
"And I'm going to smooth it in, all the way around, just gently with my finger."
"Start mixer off slowly before speeding it up a bit, the important thing when mixing it is that the egg yolk breaks before you speed it up this will help ensure you are not splattering the egg."
So what we want to do is put a little oil into the pan you can use corn oil or canola oil or peanut oil whatever you like just to coat the bottom of the pan cause we're going to be cooking our beef and our pork and we even added some ground beef to it.
Get the sizzling really well and we'll start to put in our beef right in little cubes of beef you'll see it going to be really meaty and chewy it's going to be awesome.
"Then we're going to season this up this is about a pound of ground beef too so depending on how many your going to be making this for this is probably going to feed around 10 people easily, you can start to hear that sizzle come up."
I feel horribly sorry.
"So if you're going to say you're sorry, the only thing Doctor Paul suggests is be believable."
If you use the term all the time it loses its impact.
How did you say you're sorry?
"You have to use your hips, the whole body rotates into that bag so the pivoting on that foot o.k."
One more time.
"And with this coconut you can take a cup of this shredded coconut you can put it in your blender and then you can take two cups of warm water, not hot water but warm water, you can blend that in a blender and then pour that blended juice on a cheese cloth and you can squeeze that and what you end up with is what I call coconut milk."
It has all the nutrients in all the right form ready for an infant if the mother doesn't have breast milk.
"Actually, you can let it sit there for about a few minutes, and then rinse your mouth out with water."
One is that you can eat a lot of raw vegetables.
That's where the power comes is you put your whole body behind it.
Just like that.
"If you watch the other clip, you'll see you can use 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 pound weight, whatever you feel is comfortable."
You're going to put your left leg in front and slightly bend your front knee and have your back foot off to the side a little bit.
Some of our items are just plain fun for children.
So definitely keep in mind having at least a small stuffed animal of some sort.
They will certainly last longer than anything edible you have in your basket.
"Around Easter you'll start seeing little, cute little bunnies will start popping up everywhere."
"You can have them be a bigger bunny, if you have a bigger basket."
You can also have something like this little guy right here.
Look at him.
"So with this one, this is kind of like regular jumping jack, but I put a ball change in there to kind of switch it up when we're doing the warm up."
"So you use it every day but you don't actually know about the parts, kind of like me with a car, couldn't really tell you."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert, have a nice day."
"Luckily, since I pre-inked my block so that I could see my carve marks, I'm not working on a surface that doesn't have any ink on it whatsoever."
"But, still it's going to need quite a bit."
"But also, where the imaginary is concentrated and how much space is carved away."
"If we can find that wine, it's just perfect."
"But let's say for chocolate, the perfect match is a rich, sweet, red wine that can match on the taste, and the flavor, and the texture."
Chocolate has lots and lots of sugar which can also make a wine pairing kind of tough.
"So what we need to do is find a wine that can stand up to the sweetness, stand up to the flavor, not have any bitterness, and not manage the onslaught of all that fat from chocolate."
Setting up a new room for your cat should be fairly straight forward.
"If this is your first cat, then let me go over everything you'll need to have a happy, healthy cat in its own isolation room."
"Okay, this is a bit theoretical, it takes a lot of practice to do."
Hope you had fun with it.
"I mean there's other options I would do self defense but this, you know, when full punches are going I'll probably just come in and go to something else."
"So make your midpoint and then draw the top edge, and then make sure you go back to the nose, to the midpoint, and draw your curved out, one side, and then draw your curved out other side."
But you want to avoid large bunches that all look like this.
This is not what you should be taking home from the grocery store.
"So in this case, just take a look."
"But, there are actually different varieties of asparagus that many people don't necessarily know about."
"But depending on how you cook it, you can tenderize it."
"Today, we're really talking about picking fresh asparagus."
Now let's take a look at the common yucky Japan mugs that you find these everywhere.
And it's a made in Japan mug.
Many uses.
This is a made in Japan Avon mug.
"I would say, I don't know, probably the 70's, 60's."
"If you were to write and imformative essay on say a historical figure and you pick Abraham Lincoln and you write the paper on how he was not an effective president, you purpose is lost; you're pursuading."
Purpose is very important.
For instance if you're doing this for a professor or a high school teacher and they're telling you to write an imforative essay and you write a perssuasive.
"And on the E string, an F sharp to a G is a half step."
"Typically the, the, best way to, to remember a whole step and a half step is that when you're playing a whole step, your fingers aren't touching."
My name is Alexson.
If you have one pattern or your just collecting cups and saucers you can display just the cups and saucers its really a subjective thing so it's whatever what you decide to collect.
"When choosing to buy a motorcycle after you've learned how to ride already, you simply need to ask yourself what type of ride am I going to be doing, if I'm going to be doing touring riding, highway riding, simple commuting, or just around town, all of these will factor into what type of motorcycle you would want to purchase."
And I want to make segments which means I want to get the fruit out from between the white pith.
Here we go.
"Nice, nice thin slice with my cheese knife."
Like a nice uniform cut.
Now you can slap that on a sandwich and make a grilled cheese with it or just add a--make a cheese plate out of it.
"We're going to be using a second piece of cardboard, of carton, for this."
"So make sure you left enough room around the edges, the outer edges, of your picture frame. So now once I've drawn the outlines on the back of the picture frame I go ahead and cut around the edges being left with a square piece of cardboard that's going to sit right onto the back of the picture and make up the backing of the picture frame."
We see now that the backing that we've cut fits right over the picture frame and we've left enough border so that it doesn't fall through and it also doesn't show over the edges of the picture frame.
"So whatever the size is I add a quarter of an inch around the entire border: first on the left side and the right side, then I measure the top and the bottom."
"So, for example, for an E chord, the root is on the low E, so if I was to arpeggiate that, you know, I would pluck the low E with my thumb."
"So, if we go back to the ""Blue Moon,"" every sort of chord starts with the root."
"So, that's really what your thumb is doing when you're fingerpicking."
"Now that the eyes and skin are done, the finishing touch is the lips."
Take any of these powders.
Let's take a lot at the guitar.
The first one is an A minor chord.
"Now a days a lot of the highlights are starting to get away from looking natural, so you can get away with that."
"Try starting just at the ends and just ending, just getting your tips light, or having it look like it's just grown out highlights from the summer."
"Short hair, like I said, you would want to put the cap on the head and then use your hook and just pull the hair through."
"If you've got super short hair, the cap's the way to go."
"And you can just section your hair off, grab some hair, and you can use foil, wax paper, you could even just paint it on."
Another technique you can use on longer hair is the good old fashion mascara wand.
Just a little a time add this crease color.
"Little by little, depending on how exciting you want go with this look."
Open.
"We've done enough with the eyes that you can just maybe do a little eyeliner, a little mascara, and you're done."
Keep your eyes open.
That's about as far as I want to go with it right there.
Take a kind of a neutral plumy brown and do a nice crease with it.
"We do have right here Stevia is going to probably be the best alternative it doesn’t bake very well unfortunately but you can add to shakes and all that other stuff just sprinkle on cereal or anything like that, it’s actually a plant leaf it’s been finely ground and it has zero sugars or anything else like that so it works really, really well and it doesn’t raise your sugar levels at all so it’s probably the best choice."
Or are you in love with him?
"It's so nice, it's springtime, or whatever."
"And I know this may sound strange, but please listen."
"Now ladies, number one, you don't ask your girlfriends, am I in love with him?"
And that goes for so many things.
This is one of the most basic elements of glass on glass tile work.
With most pieces being the format to hang as a stained glass window.
"Now, for ladies, you can go out and get a tennis dress, tennis skirt with a cute top, great tennis shoes, which is really important that you have comfortable tennis shoes."
"You can get lots of other colors but, if you're looking for the more formal look, I really do recommend the white color."
Now we're going to be talking about how to grip the racquet.
And I'm going to tell you about the best Smirnoff vodka.
"Now if you notices the stick, the crystal stick is actually doing the same thing whether I do this, or whether I do this."
And I will say the easiest place is just to go to their team website.
"the number one concern really, when it comes to the litter box is usually for pregnant women, or people with a compromised immune system."
"That means, like this is a brand new litter box."
But mainly to keep down the amount of bacteria that's going to build up in the box.
Because you certainly don't want to end up doing your dishes with it.
"Sometimes, if you inflate the kite all the way and, you know, for instance, this is just totally wrapped up into it, you just made this into a rigid structure and it's got a line that's completely just sort of twisted around it and just one little gust in the wrong direction and it can just serrate it right apart."
"And then, you can go ahead, insert your nozzle and you can see there's a little ball right down in there, so this is technically a one-way nozzle."
"So, first things first, you know, make sure you have your gear and make sure you've taken a lesson so you know how to do this."
Can this monologue be turned into this character a little bit?
I could even do another Nick Nicky Silver monologue.
So she plays something romantic.
"It might be good to pick something that involves a monologue that talks about romance, something a little romantic."
"With this process where you have the brush, it's a similar process."
Ask them if they're a warm boot or not because your feet will get cold.
And you should find out because you might want to return your boots if they do not keep your feet warm.
"We just cut, on our jeans, we cut the whole waistline out."
"Notice how he leans back, allows the ball to come to him and makes that pass."
He even passes it with his right and left foot.
"So, this is a trick that I use, there's such a thing called, tailors wax."
The technique we're working on in this series is a higher level threat than the wrist grabs we worked on earlier.
She'll be initiating a defense before I have a chance to get her all the way off of her feet.
"There's fused glass, which means it's made in a kiln, and you actually fuse the glass together and create your own glass, make bowls, plates, platters."
"And today, I get to play with foiled glass."
I teach a variety of classes.
They can say something ragefully.
"So this is probably not very important to say, but there are ways where you can influence--you can influence the way a line is said when it's not very specific."
"And these are some of the ways where you can describe who you're character is and what they are--what they're doing, what--basically give people a general outline on what your character is all about."
"Well, you're going to have people talk about your character but you're also going to have to have some kind of introduction to who your character is."
"Once you've gotten the 'V' on all four, for the beaks, you're ready to go to the next part of your design."
"At the very tip of your head, you're going to do very small 'V' shape."
"Okay, so we've talked a lot about telescopes here and hopefully we're better educated, but how about some choices--some varieties--to help you choose telescopes, and what you might consider when you're ready to buy a telescope."
"This is 130 millimeter, just over five inches, and it is a GoTo telescope."
Why the same price point?
It's a manual operation.
"I think that'd be difficult... maybe I should get a telescope like this."""
Our quarterback will take the snap and this time we're not going to fake to the fullback.
"And then, there are certain types of steels that you can select for those type of applications that will be able to hold a decent edge, but they're usually quite expensive."
"Where a decent high carbon steel you can get for a couple dollars a pound, where a good stainless steel you're going to pay anywhere from fifteen to thirty dollars a pound in selecting the type of steel that you need."
"The steel that I choose to make most of my knives out of is what's called fifty-one sixty, I get it in just a long bar."
"And so what we do is we just take a strap, we call it a cam strap, and we'll run it through the slots of the canoe chair like so."
"Hello, I'm Kyle Brayer, and you're next in-home abdominal work out is the scissor kick."
"So, here she's pointing her toes."
You can do it at home or in the gym.
And that exercise is the scissor kick.
"If you were spraying your hair before you do the braid, I definitely recommend using a light hold hairspray."
"Depending on the coarseness of your hair and the thickness of your hair, you're going to want to intrude something that's a little heavier."
It is a front approach.
"If you can see, I'm tracing a V on the floor."
"Now, we're just going to take it wider, so we have V step."
"The water is actually to clean off the beer pong balls, okay?"
"Those are the supplies that you need, so let's move on to the next step."
"Right, let me tell you the supplies needed in beer pong."
And that's a pull off.
"So, our tab told us 17th fret on the B string, so I'm going to use my third finger."
"So, it's going to look like that."
"I'm going to pick and I'm going to pull off in kind of a down and up at the same time motion with my third finger, kinda down and up."
"Otherwise why would you only stop at one side, what's the point of that?"
"A vest is pretty much literally means that it is going to be the same on both sides so that is why I drew it like this, it is easier to follow."
"When we need to do root canal, we need to go into the chamber of the tooth."
"They're all situated on the inner part of the tooth and so what we have to do for the most part, when you get a cavity, the cavity is on the top surface or from the side, it breaks through the enamel and into part of the tooth structure and then basically exposing these inner part nerve tissue and the blood supply."
"Once that's all done, this area is sealed with a rubber-based material, and in doing so, the bacteria from outside cannot go in and from the top, cannot go back out."
"During the examination, he will examine your breasts by palpation feeling the breast to make sure that there are no abnormalities."
"At first, I'm going to do a Lazy Firefly, which I have to say I really prefer because it's a little lazy."
"In Standing Firefly, we come forward."
And then I'll wait thirty seconds.
"And so what you'll do then is pull the diffuser out of your tea and discard the water, or the tea that's steeping in your cup."
You don't want extra chemicals in your tea.
Now at this point I'd like to use a strainer like this and dip it into the wine.
"Once you got the fruit in there you would gather this up like this, with the fruit in it, and you would start twisting this, and the fruit would start juicing out juicing out all the great juices through the colander and into the pot down here."
And we're going to chop now our green scallion.
So make sure you keep them on the side and don't put them in your bowl.
And want to just score the onion and pull away the outer shell and begin to chop it up.
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
"This is an example of relaxed hair, African American hair."
"And then, of course, the blockage created by the object will create a cast shadow against the wall which we see here."
"If you see here along the edge, there's just a little bit of light from this wall that's being bounced back at the urn."
"For example, this alcove, we see the key elements of light and shadow."
You see these molds have some fairly fine details in them.
A little bit about granulated sugar.
You can get granulated sugar in a lot of different grain sizes and sometimes if you just go get generic granulated sugar it doesn't really say anything about the size of the grains.
"You find the telephone pole, raise it up to the wire, and move across the wire, and there's the bird, hopefully he hasn't flown."
"Where I've got my body perpendicular to a line where the bird is, I look at the bird."
What's coming in older toilets 40 years old and older is lime will buildup in the jet way around the toilet.
"But I'll tell you, for five dollars a quart, it?s much better to save an old toilet and de-lime the rim than it is to throw the toilet away."
It?s an acid solution and what we do we take and we pour this whole quart in to the overflow tube all at once.
You will then notice that the acid is coming out of the rim of the toilet.
Occasionally I will need two quarts and rarely I'll need three.
"And on an ending note if taking care of your tank, make sure you look at your fish tank everyday not only when you're feeding your fish but just to makes sure that you haven't lost any."
"Unfortunately as I was doing a water change on my tank, I noticed one of my gold dust mollies has passed away."
"There, again, don't put the big fish in a commode."
"It's very, very daunting to not know who to go to when your relationship is in trouble."
But make sure that you read the label and instructions that come along with your blanket so that you don't ruin the waterproof barrier of the blanket.
"Think about can I just throw it in my washer or can I hose it off, will it clean up easily for the next season."
They are going to roll in the mud.
But this drink actually tastes fantastic.
And follow that up with a shot of Malibu Rum.
I'm sticking it to the back.
"And the way we are going to do this is with a pin tool, and I showed you earlier."
"The spine is capable of elongating, it's capable of moving laterally on each side, it's capable of twisting to each side, it's capable of a back bend, and a forward bend, so actually those are really seven movements of the spine."
It's going to be a little dry because it's curly.
A good hydrating shampoo.
Scrub the hair real well and then proceed to condition after.
Nice and thick like this and put the towel over.
We use a hydrating shampoo.
It also gives her a little bit of conditioning.
Hi!
"Secondly, because it is metal, while it's made to use in your microwave, it can still cause problems, so you want to not use it, not leave it in there as much as possible."
We're just going to rinse it off and then put it to the side to dry.
Then just use your mild dish soap that you would use for cleaning your dishes and silverware.
"First of all, this helps prevent it from getting dirty."
Some of the hoods or net covers will have a strap that attaches to a halter so it's got even more strength for moving around.
So this net cover is going to keep him pretty much covered from the elements from his neck and it won't allow any of the moisture to get down inside his blanket and run down into or on his chest or inside the blanket.
This one doesn't necessarily go with this blanket but will just show you how it works. It slides up over the top of their head and then comes down thru their ears and they can see through it there we go so it would fit down over their face.
Now you'd say why do I need a hood for my horse.
It doesn't do much good if you're showing a horse to have him smooth and shiny up to right here and then his chest and head is hairy cause then you're going to need to body clip that and once you body clip it he's going to be cold there and then you're going to need to apply a hood.
That means you didn't iron it long enough.
So if you try to iron it and it's not sticking.
Or maybe the flat seven to make it a seven chord.
And lower the five to make it a flat five or a diminished chord on the bottom with a flat seven on the top.
"Here's the major scale, all seven notes."
Can I understand this type of composition?
"Like any other type of photography that I talk about, really, your first little foot in the door is finding someone who does it professionally and spend a day with them and see what it's like because it might not be anything what you think it's like or it might be even better than you think it is, and you can find out that you're suited for that type of photography."
Holding the triangle the triangle itself which is gonna produce the tone and the hammer that helps you with that.
"Obviously, the main thing to the 6-2 defense is we want to stop the run."
"Into the pass, thumbs down, ok?"
"Create momentum as you pass the ball, ok?"
"Extend, good."
Right.
Championship teams begin with defense and we're going to play pro defense.
"Just hit him right there, he dribbles, comes down, man cuts to the basket, chest pass, right?"
In this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a jeans and t-shirt outfit for our girl here.
"And since, I would make these jeans not completely form fitting."
I might come down here maybe add some wrinkles along the sides.
Draw her upper body and her neck just like that.
Now we've got lava.
Got baking soda here.
Okay.
"Now this one is great for small children because we just have baking soda and vinegar, there's no hot water, there's no complicated setup."
"And you can keep on adding until you're out of baking soda, that works great with groups of children."
"And there we have it, that's how to make a small volcano."
I'm using a little flask here but you can use a pop bottle.
Anything that's got a narrow mouth on it.
"Now our lava, let's make our lava."
So Firefox is coming down to the computer and it is going to give us all three programs in the download program and we will be in a position to execute those programs in the next segment.
One thing to make sure of in the post route is that you really push that defensive back and get him in the back peddle so they think you're going long.
The quick slant route is to get us a quick pass in the middle to try to go behind the linebackers and pick up about 5 or 6 yards.
I'm standing next to a sewer discharge.
This is actually water rain retention discharge so the survey may in fact show that the sewer company maintains the right to have access to this small area.
Today we're here to talk about low maintenance gardening.
Another advantage of a small garden is there's not that many weeds.
"So don't let them get out of hand, it's not that much of a hassle."
Now another thing that you can do with your wax is use it as a decorative effect.
It can be anything.
"And what this is going to do is when you go to dip this pot in the glaze, which I'll demonstrate in a moment, this glaze will resist, I mean this wax will resist the glaze."
"So you'll have your glaze, a little bit of a halo seeping into the wax area, and then these nice decorative areas that you've left blank."
You need to have enough so that you'll get decent sound.
"as part of safety go, we went through the ""S"", ""A"" is for atmosphere."
"So, it affects our body in so many different ways and I hope you find the great affects and I hope your body enjoys your yoga practice."
"So, physically, the postures or the Asanas that we perform in a yoga class on a yoga mat, help us to find that balance within."
"And makes it look very elegant and even though my shoes are not black, which would be a total match to the outfit."
"Shape the wings, even them out if you have to."
"So we're going to select our colors for the butterfly, and we had picked blue."
"Now, what I mean by steeping or brewing your tea is you're adding hot water to the tea leaves and allowing them a certain amount of time for all of the flavor, the caffeine, the healthy antioxidants and all that is tea to escape from the leaves into the water or, you know, to join in and become defused into the water."
"We're taking our bacon, the pieces that we cut and now we're rendering that in a heavy pot here and we want to render a lot of the bacon fat off."
"And we want this bacon to crisp up a little bit so we render, we're doing this on a medium high heat and you know you just move it around, you don't want it to burn it can let is sit for a little bit."
"If you didn't want to use bacon, you can use ham, you can use Canadian bacon but like I said I like to use the hickory smoke just for that smoky flavor."
These will be other ways of trying to identify whether your fish is sick.
"That way, you will be able to distinguish when there are differences."
"Once you bring your car in, you should be able to have the mechanic look over your car and assess any repairs that need to be made."
So you want to look for a mechanic that specializes in your particular make.
"Since they probably have more experience with that model of car, they'll probably do a better job."
So another thing you can do when deciding which mechanic you should go to is you can go to the Better Business Bureaus' website and you can look up the name of the company and see if there's any complaints or how the customers' have rated that particular mechanic.
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert here to tell you the different between curling irons."
"Chrome, gold and ceramic."
"One would be your chrome curling iron, your gold curling iron and your ceramic curling iron."
"Generally, your night bulb, which will be a red bulb or a blue bulb or a black bulb, colored so that the reptile doesn't see it at night so much and it allows them to sleep, is going to be a slightly lower wattage than say, your day bulb, which will be on during the day."
We don't want that.
That's a behind the back brush.
Now obviously there's not a lot of room there when you're doing a behind the back brush but if you time it just right and get your body out of the way you should be able to do it.
"So, what we want to do is make this mark and this mark meet."
"But if you're not quite for sure, just grab a pin, and just stick it in, right where that one mark is and bring it out and look it goes right through to the other mark."
Remember to move around.
"As it's spinning, really notice the hoop pressing into your stomach and your back as Hannah explained."
It has a magnet and it holds it then you can use it to work on your things with that.
Hello.
Why does it have that?
Most folks will use the little plastic stopper and then you take one of your champagne wires and you put it over the top of it.
The halo of glass allows the bottom of the champagne wire to hold on underneath there so that when fermentation develops that cork won't pop right out of the champagne bottle.
"If you choose to drink it, which I don't recommend, there should be no caffeine at all."
"One other thing about flowering tea, is the flowers inside the tea has added health benefits."
Now when you use a hammer it's always important to wear your safety gear.
"Now to start you take your nail, you take your hammer, and to fasten two pieces of wood together you put your nail down and you hit the head of the nail just to secure it into the piece of wood."
"Don't grip the hammer too hard, kind of loosely and use a good deal of momentum."
You can even mix these colors if you want to kind of make your own colors.
We don't have to buy any emulsion.
And you don't want to just use any old paint or any old ink.
"So I have some of them here, some fabric screen printing ink; these are by the Speedball company, but I'm not endorsing them, I'm just saying that, from the Speedball company; there's different companies that sell this stuff."
"And other people come in and they already know how to jump rope and they're doing great and you know, people are watching each other."
"So they hand me their jump rope and I take the jump rope and I say the best way, and they think they're going to see me jump rope, wrong."
Now in this segment I am going to go over umbilical cord care.
"Or just go in if you know you're not using folders or even programs, go in and delete those and that'll clear that off of there."
"So maybe buying an external hard drive to keep your music and movies and whatever, your personal files on that."
The best way to do that is go to my computer and then click on your hard drive and it'll tell you right there what size it is and how much free space you have left.
So as I grab I have to shift my body position alright and I strike lower spot.
Novalash offers a mascara formulated especially for lash extensions.
"However, if used everyday, certain ingredients in that mascara may help break down the adhesive bond."
"The lashes are not only black, but also thick in diameter creating thick black lashes about the use of mascara."
"Where we see a lot of cars and do a lot of waxes on a day to day basis, we've been very happy with this wax protectant we're about to use, and then the question is how you're going to apply it to the car."
"Small little swirls is ok. You want to go back and forth. Not, we're not doing it like they did in the ""wax on wax off""."
Of course the cars has got to be clean.
Now we actually use an orbital buffer.
Baking is really a science it makes a big difference if you have a teaspoon extra of flour or any other ingredient or to lessen one ingredient or too little of one ingredient.
Let's see how that is all incorporated there.
"If you do not sift it first, you will have an inaccurate measurement."
We're going to tell you how to make biodiesel from all the different types of oils that are out there.
I'm going to show you how to do it a little bit later here.
And this one is hemp seed oil.
"It's a little bit longer, a little bit more comfortable for larger men."
"This and this toilet is only fifteen inches tall, the old standard height of a toilet."
"Obviously, if you've got an established client that you have a rapport with, the type of thing that you can ask the client about, you can probably go a long way towards resolving whatever the mood issue might be or at least becoming more aware of it so that you can work your own actions during the therapy session into the context of whatever that person's mood is."
Hi!
"In next segment, we're going to discuss setting the water level on your washing machine itself."
"So, we've got on the ball, we've got deny and now we've talked about help side defense."
"Now, as the ball moves, his assignments are going to change."
"Now, when someone does develop type two diabetes they generally notice they're feeling very tired, less energy, sleepy a lot."
"And, the reason is because when the blood sugar is high in the bloodstream it effects the nervous system and makes you feel kind of like you've taken a tranquilizer."
"But, high enough that we can say the person has diabetes."
"Hello, I'm Kyle Brayer, and your next in-home tricep exercise will be the tricep drop set."
"There you go, Karie, and then last we'll give her a 3 lb."
"As you progress, you can actually, from the gym start at like the 25s and work your way all the way down to the 5 lb."
You can come up with any kind of different games.
"You could the numbers, and if you're trying to make a poker hand, for example, you could have the one, count as an ace."
"Dice are typically square shaped, six sided, and as you roll them, they'll come out and the numbers will come out on the top."
"One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
But always keep the bouncing.
"Two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
"Either way, it's a good idea to test the water that you're adding in to make sure that it's about the same temperature of the water that's in the tank."
"You get two more tries, actually one more try to roll a double and then you can get out of jail."
There's three ways to do that.
"That's rolling two sixes, two fives and so on."
You want to get out of jail so you can start playing Monopoly yourself.
"My block of wood next to my print gives you a really clear idea of that mirror image, and in this print in particular, since there is text, although it is in Italian, you can see how carving it in the mirror image is going to be very important for its final."
These are elements that you can use to help enhance your print.
"And, as you can see they're kind of spread out here so they're using the plants."
"These are the kind of things that you should talk to your pet shop, tropical fish expert about, he'll know these things."
"So, in other words, in a, in a, in a tank that's a ten gallon tank like this, about ten inches of fish."
"Now obviously if you get a ten inch fish, yeah he could live in here but, you get to a ten inch fish Oscar, something like that, you're going to want to go with a bigger tank, cause that's not going to be really fair to the fish to go with a ten inch fish in this, this, this small of a tank, wouldn't be fair to, to, the fish and you wouldn't enjoy it either."
"So, so that's what we're looking at here as far as fish."
The last thing I want to touch on -- and I like to touch on this with any reptile -- is listening to your reptile.
It is just like having a child.
There are quite a few different ways to make a key but there are only a couple basically that locksmiths are usually commonly.
I prefer to have the control of full manualism.
"They make some fantastic, very high quality ball heads, probably the Cadillac of ball heads and you really need one of these to, to be able to take a good shot of a piece of jewelry."
"There is no way you're going to be able to shoot something like that and get a very clear and sharp photo without using a tripod, just because you're very close to the subject, any movement will be magnified in the photograph."
An unsuccessful nil bid is worth negative one hundred points.
The difference in this game is you have to bid either nil or at least four tricks.
The second person can bid the same.
The other players are going to do the same thing.
"All of the sudden that word becomes a distracting barrier to communication, because you're thinking about the fact, well, wait a minute, I'm not a man."
Now an umbrella is exactly like it sounds.
Now I don't want to use a raw strobe on someone because it might be a little bit too harsh so that is when I'll use my umbrella and I can position my umbrella in a certain way that I can actually control my lighting a bit more than if I am just using a raw strobe or a diffuser so that is how that I like to use umbrellas.
"When the dog finds that person, you've already set that person up with maybe some treats, or maybe a ball if the dog really enjoys the ball, or some other reward that's very motivating for that dog."
"And so that's how you train a dog, a rescue dog."
"People get lost all the time out in the woods or out in the open, and can't find their way back."
"Now, you can actually start training a rescue dog from a very young age."
"You release the dog as you give the dog, as you give the command to search, and when the dog finds you he gets tons of praise, and and it's just this big game."
"Alright now that we've planted the seed, we want to take the rake here, make sure there's no weeds still hanging out in the bed after moving the dirt around a little bit."
The new age kites are all one pump systems.
"Other kites are, you know, new wholesale kites are going to have separate, you know, inflation points for each one here."
"So pretty much every time you go in and out for a session, you want to check your kite and go over everything."
"These bladders can, you know, pretty much get pinholes any sort of tear any sort of rupture, the glue can come apart and can give you a pretty tough time trying to get them back together."
"Where do we want, where do we want go?"
How are we going to shoot it?
"Some good terms to use are: let's go have fun in the potty, or let's go pee pee or wee wee in the potty."
"Let's take our extra hips, add them to our Egyptian walk and then travel with them, forward and back."
Keep the feet together.
"One, two, three, four."
And that's how you play Robot.
"The crazier and the more off the wall you can get with your noises, the more fun and the more challenging it's going to be for the actor that is on stage."
I'm going to start off with a blank slate.
"A couple of websites one of them is americanwhitewater.org that has a national river data base you can get river list things and you can also get, some of them have online gage sources so you can tell if a river is running high or low and if its appropriate for you to run."
"I’m grabbing it at the waist, and I’m, if you’ll look, you’ll see this is the front skirt area and on this side, is the bodice and a sleeve and I’m just going to fold it at the waist, back towards the back side."
You don't want to be causing your horse injury or discomfort or cause a horse to resent you for the work that you are trying to do for them.
"Pay attention to what your horse is telling you, pay attention to their attitude and make sure that you are in a frame of mind to do the work with your horse effectively without getting distracted or just not being present in the work that you are doing."
"The best way to make it amicable is to be fair, not to be greedy to allow for equal acquisition, disposition of your assets and to help each other perhaps through the transition period."
"I do wish you good luck, Dr. Felicia signing off."
"These backbones are loaded with meat, flavor, they make great chowder, gumbo, or you can just cook it up and pick the meat off with a fork."
Chefs love these.
We're going to; you want to break the backbone.
"Okay, we're going to twist, grab the head and the backbone; we're going to twist the head and break the backbone and pull it off the head."
So I found that this is the best paper to use for the thing I'm going to be using today.
"You can on any kind of paper that will hold ink, you can use."
You will sew on those chalk lines and then you can just rub and the chalk will come off.
On this fabric I am going to use the blue side and I'm just going to start in the center here and I'm just going to draw a blue line.
And I just keep marking it.
You can even take your marks and go across this way two inches and then when you quilt you'll be showing a square.
You can do them with chalk or with a quilt marker.
"Today we're going to be learning how to play Portal, a game by Valve Software, a company with which I have no affiliation."
And we're going to accent front and back.
"Push, pull in, push, pull in."
Other side.
So you want to be careful not to tilt this too much.
You want to keep your posture nice and long and lifted.
So let's start with the feet.
These boats typically have grab handles on the front and rear and those are to carry the boat but also if you are out swimming you have got some place to attach yourself and pull the boat around.
The golden rectangle has been used by artists and architects for centuries.
"You can divide this space up into fives and eights and squares and you'll end up with a whole series of rectangles, that are golden rectangle sections, and squares."
Before an audition you are usually sitting in the waiting room and the waiting room is one of the best places to be sabotaged for your audition.
"The other actors in the waiting room and as I always tell my students when I teach, they're not your friends."
"And we did this in the other series just rolling the beak, putting a little pressure on."
What have we added?
You can see the patch doesn't go all the way to the edge of the sail because we're going to need to fold this edge over; as well as fold the foot edge over.
"Again, I'm trimming the clew patch here to make sure the grommet falls in the thickest part where all the layers meet."
I'm going to go ahead and tape the backside of it.
Its not being widely used yet.
They lose weight in the method of losing body fat.
Hi.
"So, we're going to connect to Linux and that's pretty much it."
A) Don't put the cart before the horse.
I'm on my own in one sense.
Okay what worked for me?
"And all you have to do is make a you know a really simple statement, on behalf of everyone in the room, and you always want to make sure you mention everyone who was responsible for giving the gift."
"Tennis players, you know what I'm talking about."
I don't know if they'll believe that one.
And you're going to hit a top spin forehand.
"Racket back, you're hand and arm go out to the right and you're turning it over."
And that's one indication to know that you actually combined the image properly.
"But we see that we've combined all the images, all the different shapes, and now we're going to put these together."
"We're going to carefully flip it over and put tape so that all of these strips stick together, and then it's going to be folded up like an accordion shape, and once it's folded up it will become half its size, and then we'll be able to put it directly on a piece of regular white paper, the same size as the original image."
"You don't want to force it anywhere because it wants to go somewhere it'll go, I think it wants to go up here."
So again we're going to take some hay and just loosely pull it through all the way around and I'm covering up these safety pins that I used to secure my head of my scarecrow to my body and that's the effect you're going for.
"This position of having the ball back in your palm and your fingers basically wrapped around the ball causes the ball to lose its velocity and works much like a change up in its actions and the fact that it looks like a fast ball, it acts like a fast ball but it is several miles per hour slower than the fast ball."
"If your bird has been exposed to smoke, near a fire or anywhere where the smoke has got to the bird, birds cannot get that smoke out of their lungs."
"The reason being, that a bird does not show that it is sick, until it is well sick."
I use Marvel Aid if a bird is just being stressed.
"One other thing that is interesting to point out that if you are going to shoot slide film or chrome film, sometimes it's referred to as E6 process film."
It's four by five.
There are three processes in preparing the milk for a single cappuccino.
"If you're between clubs and you're using the hammer swing, go with the longer club and swing easy when you're in between two clubs on the course."
"For example, you're a certain distance, 140 yards, 150 yards, and you don't know if you should swing hard at an 8 iron or easy with a 7 iron."
If you get really close to the wood it's going to damage the wood.
"There are several things that you will not want to discuss during the interview such as you have the legal right not to be asked about your personal life, your religion, your children or what your husband does."
"If you are going to make your own tobacco you need to get some good quality natural tobacco leaf, dry it out, get it cut up and kind of grind that stuff up and then you want to blend that with whatever flavor you are going to be doing."
"BEN GRAHAM: Playing offense, you need a bat."
This is well suited for a smaller player.
"And when you hold the bat, what you're going to want to do, as a right-handed batter, you'll put your left hand on the bottom, you're going to put your finger here, right on this little knob, fold it."
"And that's basically how you create offense in the game of baseball with a simple, little cylinder called a baseball bat."
"If you're thinking about selling golf balls you find out on the golf course, it's very easy to do."
It doesn't work the same.
Make sure she's covered completely.
You want to close it in.
And that's going to hold in the heat from her head.
"Hi, this is John Stewart and this is how to pack your tent poles for a weekend camping trip."
This is how to pack your tent poles for a weekend camping trip.
Sea salt is a lot more natural and your body could really stimulate the minerals that are in the sea salt much better then iodize salt.
"You can then go into some advanced trainings, and take a little bit more time in one specific style, so just to recap that."
Step right foot and lift.
Good step together.
Good.
"In the next step, you have a book for example, The Three Little Pigs and you have America the Beautiful."
"That's book covers, part two."
The child is going to base their decision simply on the colors and you may say why would you like me to read this book?
Why would you like me to read this book?
Because there's a character.
"or, I could aim very far to the right, and use a draw, which is kind of an easy hook, so I aim really far to the right, and now by hitting a draw I'm going to get a little more distance, so then I count, so that counteracts the wind, the distance robbing wind."
So those are the ways you deal with the right to left wind.
"So, I have to adjust and account for that wind, so, what I'm going to do is there's a variety of things I can do."
Make sure your upper body stays nice and level.
And we're going to lift our hips up in toward our rib cage.
"Putting it in your oven, it just cooks golden brown and comes out yummy, yummy, yummy and it's a great dinner."
"Where, this is a lot cheaper, not that much if you think about it but definitely about ten dollars a pound as opposed to twenty dollars a pound already done for you."
"As mentioned earlier, table will require proper execution and calmness, from your dog, so they will go into a down stay pause position for five seconds."
"So, as mentioned, be sure that you get there early to do a good run through, with your dog."
Now we're going to talk about recovering a dropped stitch.
"You would pull that there, go back in there, and pull there and you're out a stitch."
"So, this is a fifty, a normal lens for printing thirty-five millimeter."
"And, these lenses are also very similar to camera lenses is that they have f-stops on them also."
"I am going to talk a little bit more about that when we get into printing in here, but it is really a very important thing to know that different formats take different lenses."
"Then what you do is you have a little bubble there, much like any construction worker or anyone who needs something perfectly level or carpenter and so forth."
"When you're shooting video, it's important to have a steady, clear shot."
"For example, the tripod should always be eye level to the talent."
"A Sales Agent who’s not a Realtor will not really have those tools at his disposal, and a Realtor will have access to the MLS which is the Multiple Listing Service."
"So again a Realtor will have access to the Multiple Listing Service, so you want to make sure that you hire a Realtor."
And we'll move right down here to this lower corner here.
The eyes being long and low.
The mouth being small.
"And one thing we're going to do kind of differently about this guy is we're going to definitely sell the gloomy look by making his eyebrows very, very low."
"Where the flag stand is, about, you know, give or take ten feet of this flag stand, or back from this flag stand on every track is the start finish line."
"The inside of the track, where the berm is, it's not really built up right now, but there is a berm up there."
"So, you want to buy something that can withstand the heat without worrying about pouring warm water in there, prepare the teapot."
"And then, you put your hot water in."
"Mind you, I am not worried about the fact that I am putting boiling water in a cold pot."
"And, what I mean by this drip-less teapot is so."
This teapot is amazing.
Being able to do it--being able to do it back and forth is very beneficial to developing a routine.
"So, it may take a while to get your first successful snatch especially with an even and straight box."
"Now, this zombie avatar, which was a three, three is now only a one, one because he only gets credit for one."
"Now, this says on the card, destroy target non-elf creature."
"We are, for instance, going to destroy the zombie that gave us so much trouble during our combat with its regenerative abilities."
This is the roll from the inside.
We want the glue to be a little bit thinner than its normal consistency.
And then we're going to need a paint brush which will be used to apply the glue to the box and we're going to be covering it with tissue paper.
We're going to need two of these.
In this segment we're going to talk a little bit about how to do the basic tip.
"So that's a single tip, you can actually go right and left."
"And what I like to do is actually, tip with my thumb."
You don't want to tip it on your nails necessarily.
"The quality is great, but once again, you're going to spend a lot of money and you have to print thousands of books in order to make it cost effective, or before any offset printer would even consider doing the job."
"You don't really use film, you use electricity from the battery and it goes onto a memory that's within your digital camera, so that really you're not paying a lot, and you don't have to go out and buy film, and you don't really have to go develop it."
"This is going to work the hip flexors as well as the glutes, hamstrings and quads once again."
"She's going to keep her torso, so from her hips to her shoulders, in line once again."
Tighten up the end so it doesn't move.
We have one more step to do with this.
So what we're going to do is we're going to take these two tools here and we're going to start by measuring the height of the mug like this.
These are the things that go on in small towns.
"So that means every time there is a contour line, it is a 100 foot difference."
"When reading a map of when you are going hiking, there are some things to look at right away."
Also use scissors.
Use other scissors or wire cutters to cut this.
You have your wire for your strap and your wire for your ear.
And you don't have to go around the bottom.
And it doesn't have to be exact.
No I can't talk about that.
Well what did the boss say?
"Although some leagues don't actually have the big, they basically stop at age 16, but other than that the ages are 5 to 18."
"So now, make sure your practice that with your left foot stepping forward and your right foot anchored, so that you get a nice, even work on both sides of the body."
Now if you're using something where you're going to want to match patterns you'll need more fabric.
You'll need a lot of extra if you're matching.
"Hey, hi."
"And then when you finish your cut, you're going to finish with your pressure on your heel."
Add anything that you want to add that makes it intrinsically yours and don't be afraid to try things ever.
It's going to keep your lipstick on longer.
"Very, very neutral."
Alright in this clip we're going to be drawing the kings robe.
That's looking interesting.
I use the Rectractable Sharpie for these types of things.
"Now, this really smooths out the skin."
"And you have to rub it in really good, obviously, because it looks like milk and you don't want to go out with anything white on you."
And it's not oily so you're not going to have any of that build-up.
"Again, jab and cross, hook and up."
"Again, if your doing this to music which is definitely a lot more fun."
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
"Were prepped , were ready to go."
"Alright, the drink we are about to make is called Crocodile and let's go ahead and put our ice in a glass here and measure out one shot of melon liqueur for that Crocodile green color."
"Tool steel, in other words, what the type of steel the chisel is made out of is very important."
"The number that indicates that aperture actually increases so it's, they're a, they're kind of opposite."
There was not any blinking on my shutter setting.
"That's the widest or the most light I can let into the camera and at this setting the depth of field will be very, very small."
I mean really razor thin millimeter.
Rogaine is also another great choice.
It is a mousse treatment that you put on your hair.
It will also help you grow hair by stimulating your scalp.
"If you are in an electronics store, it really doesn't matter."
"There are also ringing phones, there are other employees who might need their attention."
An eye piece back here that magnifies light.
She'll walk away.
"This is Jessica Claire, with New York Dating Coach, and this has been, how to know if a girl likes you."
"Women almost always go about what they're interested in, so if she's giving you a couple of looks, that's a good indicator."
"Whether it be your arm, or your leg, a girl almost always makes contact with someone that she's interested in."
And you also have the problem of potential chaffing because you are walking a lot of miles every day and so that could cause some real discomfort.
Once we're here we're going to go to make it your own.
"And then we are going to take the vehicle out of drive, put it into neutral, we want to leave the key forward so we can steer the vehicle to make sure we get it centered on the trailer properly."
"To reduce your friction. And you're going to push down, so you have about half an inch. On the bottom of the pot."
"But once you get good at it, you'll just be able to push down."
And pulling towards me.
You just pull out and down.
As I'm gripping to create a nice edge on the inside.
"And the next part of what we're going to do, is pulling the clay up into the walls."
"Once again, a bend is a rope that are not that you tie into a rope that is easy to untie, because most times when you put a knot in there you really can't untie them too well."
I could cut that out more so as a square like it's shown on that painting up there.
"And once it was all melted, I could take the melted fluid and pour it on top of the DVD to create a totally different effect on top and then I set that into the painting."
"So, it's slow, medium, quick to a stop."
The basis of every cast is every cast needs to start with the tip down.
"So every cast, no matter what cast you start, should begin with the tip in the water, or in this case, on the ground."
"If you bring the rod back, then essentially, the line will begin to load from the rod coming back."
"So, now we are in to what you'd call the key position for setting up the Roll cast."
"Now, this 45 degree angle maintains as we go into the casting stroke."
Flick.
That is the basics of the good Roll cast.
"So, to properly learn the Roll cast is one of the most advantages that you have."
Seventy percent do not.
OKay?
"O.k., so now we have the lump of clay centered."
"So I just push down with this hand, hold it in place with this and simply push it down on to the bat."
"The salt water is like acid, it will eat right through the fabric."
"Again, you want to store this in a dry, shady area, indoors preferably."
"The picture has no gold in it but that little bit of gold if you have gold in your room that will help pull your room back together, that is a very nice look on this picture."
You know there's going to be different weather conditions that play a factor in this also.
That is what a good speech does whether you are only speaking for 5 minutes or you have 15 minutes.
"If you keep this in mind when you have to make a speech whether you have 2 months to prepare for it or 2 minutes, this will help you really make it go smoothly."
"Think in terms of a speech like an airplane flight. All airplane flight have 3 basic parts to them. They have a take off, they have a flight and they have a nice smooth landing."
You don't want them going all over the place down a runway and all of a sudden they fire up in the air and then they jerk you all around in this flight and then they crash land.
Tighten it up a bit test it some more.
So that if you do get a big fish the fish is able to take line easily without breaking your line but at the same time it's not so easy that you can't not set the hook on the fish.
She neutralizes by pulling the inside hand down.
"Now as she does this she steps back, getting a nice base and now she is going to fire two, one, two, fast groin strikes, then she is going to open her hand and do what is called the wedge strike."
"Again, so I come forward, I attack this way, grabbing her head."
"People have jammed their fingers plenty on those walls, and have bumped their heads."
So just starting and fitting it into the space.
"Instead of using cows milk, you can use soy milk as well."
"Soy milk also has the natural estrogens that can be very, very good for your complexion."
"As we talked about before, acne is created or caused by bacteria."
"Also, there is a gold back and a brass back as well and a right now what I would like to share with you is about our copper sheeting."
"The next move I'm going to show you is called ""walking a veil""."
The veil is pretty much staying on the floor and you're actually kind of walking it.
"When you're making wine, one of the things that will happen at the end of the fermentation process is there'll be a lot of dissolved gas in the wine."
I'm going to place it between us.
"And the footwork for the ladies with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measures is quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
"And the footwork for the ladies with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measures is quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
Well I can help you avoid that.
"Seeing all you're trying to do is get the ball to come out on a cushion of sand, you need to take your focus away from the ball and get it onto the sand where you're just splashing the sand out from underneath the ball."
"Get set up to the line like there was a ball there and focusing on the line, dig your feet in a little bit and just splash the sand out with the club entering the sand right around the line."
"There are two types of extensions that you can use: synthetic, which will probably be your least expensive, however not as durable as your natural hair; your natural hair extensions are made of the same keratin proteins that your hair is actually made of, and can undergo the same thermal tools and styling that your natural hair can go through."
"At which point keeping their weight low, they will straddle the boat, slide into the cockpit and you can get them back in, passing their paddle and you are off and away."
I have several cutting boards and some of them I use more often than others and that's going to be the main factor in determining where I keep each cutting board.
So I put that down there just because it's a way to keep it out of the way.
Have a great day.
"So, you want to make an international phone call?"
We're just going to try to fit all our pieces in there.
Sometimes the chicken breast can be a little dry.
We want to cut our bacon with hickory smoke bacon and I'm just going to lay these three pieces together and I'm going to use some scissors to cut cause it's really easy.
"If he's still coming loose, you can surround the area with some more of this glue because, again, it will dry clear and you just don't want that spider coming off."
Hi!
I am using my hands together.
"Hey, how's it going?"
"OK, that's the jump in diving."
"The command we're talking about here ""stay"", I want the dog's attention to know a command is coming."
Cats frequently get some ear mites.
"Now, these are all baby teeth."
"And, we open it up and look all the way down in there."
There we go.
"As you mentioned, the upper respiratory would be my main concern."
"One of the things that Brian can do to help his accuracy with running routes is just simply by laying down cones, and then he can mark off his running."
"These pens come in a number of different heights and sizes so you can get pens that are very, very tall for larger dogs."
And those of us that go to competitions and take our dogs to compete various places have all trained our dogs to stay inside an indoor enclosure like this.
Stepping in for me to talk a little about the coffeemakers is my personal coffee guru' Ms. Leslie Mosel.
"This is a really nice, light weight, oil free, liquid foundation."
I'm just going to briefly hold up just along the brow there.
Sometimes at home they like to do their 20 coats or whatever.
We're then going to dip our mascara wand just once in.
Next we're going to have our client look down.
My name is Sylvia Russell and I'm going to show you how you can select a good hair-care product.
There is everything out there with the perfect price point for you.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can select the best hair-care styling products for you.
"If you start with the positive terminal while the battery is connected and you touch the body of the car, you're going to arc twelve volts from the battery to the car because there's a difference in voltage."
"So, the first step is we're going to see if the terminals are tight."
The outer coat is the part that the undercoat typically is falling out into and it gets mixed up in the matt of the undercoat.
The undercoat serves a purpose of insulation and the outer coat serves a purpose of protection from the elements.
"Now, you could bring this block at whatever level."
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
We're talking about mural painting today; light and shadow.
It kind of resembles a funnel in a way and it funnels your ear to the point where you want it to be at.
When pushing the taper pin through you do want to support it with your hands from the back so you are pushing against something and creating a counter pressure.
That way you are not just pushing your ear into the side of your face with a taper pin.
"There's also color that's been added in to certain areas, and printed over top of it."
You can tell by the absolutely clean and even surface that the print has made onto the piece of paper.
It's hand printed so there can be different pressures.
Then the threads inside the wire nut would twist the wire together and you tighten this up pretty good.
The next step is to wire the ceiling fan.
But once again my name is Michelle and I am a dental assistant with Solutionz and hopefully I just explained to you the certain foods to eat to keep your teeth white.
"First of all, milk is always a great product to drink."
Keep in mind you definitely want to keep your scissors and your comb moving at all times so that way you don't stop and put a hole in there head.
Stay tuned for our next segment which I'm going to go ahead and give you a tip to make the scissor over comb blending a little bit easier for you.
It's best to do it in increments versus just one big large chunk; otherwise it may be shorter than what you actually wanted it to be.
O.k.
We drew the wire underneath it before hand and often times when it is ready to go it will simply pop off the wheel however this one doesn't want to come off; with larger parts it's often the case.
"After you've installed your oil filter on your motorcycle, you're going to reinstall your drain bolt with a new gasket."
So you're going to need to locate where your drain bolt is and remove all the oil from the motorcycle.
Having a convenient oil filter wrench like this certainly makes the job a lot easier to remove your oil filter and it also will not damage the oil filter.
"Once I have my oil filter removed, I'm going to make sure that I have this o-ring present on the old oil filter and make that it's not stuck to the mating surface therefore when you install your new one, you won't have what you call a double gasket and have an oil leak."
"The piece of plastic that we're using is a thick piece of plastic, but it's a bit translucent, so you can see through, and it will be perfect for getting the images, placing the sheet of paper underneath and getting the images to show through so that we can go ahead and trace it onto the sheet of plastic."
"Don't overcrowd the plastic with images, but, then again, don't leave any large open blank spaces."
"First I want to get the right size of my plastic, and I'm going to cut it to about twenty four to thirty inches long."
It just seems to help it get in there a little bit easier.
The other thing would be to study your math and be very well enunciated in math.
"I would make sure that I'm a good reader, good listener."
"Owner, operator of Cannon Electric."
In a squat make sure you get your weight back into your heels and not into the knees just for safety.
"A Nurse Practitioner starting out, could start anywheres from a base salary of sixty, to a hundred thousand."
"Hi, I'm beauty expert, Jackie O, and today, we will discuss how to fix nail pops."
"If you're staying in one spot and never moving from the right or to the left, people are going to pass you by that you don't need to pass you by and they're going to score points off of you."
"We're going to go in and out of the track very quickly on the whistle blow, without knocking down our own team mates, but learning how to cut that track back and forth closely."
The best way to draw this is like you would draw a camisole.
Then decide where you want the neckline to fall.
"In this clip of Warrior Training, we're going to start to start to incorporate elbow strikes."
"And with one ski on, we are going to do drills such as scooting and skating with one ski."
"So, but these that's improving on a roll, that's a demonstration of that."
"There's two pair, you can stand on that."
"And if they curve more, than draw this way doesn't, totally fine."
The typical princess seam is going to curve down and out like that and then straighten out once it gets down to the waist point.
"So if you're going for industry standard sample size in all of your garments, like your first mock up of a garment, is going to be set to that sample size variation, that, that person's measurement, a fit model."
"And it can, princess seams allow you, depending on where you place them, to pull it in even further or let it out a little further and just have a slight princess seam, meaning there's just a slight wider at the shoulders and down to the waist."
Or they can curve.
"We'll have our teeth on the top as this will create shorter hair on the top of the hair, leaving longer hair underneath to want to flip out."
This happens to be Atlantic salmon.
Every point of it starts off with one person serving.
It really is going to be dependent on how you work with the wood and what you're want to get from that piece of wood.
Hi.
What I like to do is real simple.
"Alright, before we start with our eggplant, beautiful eggplant by the way, make sure you lower that flame and just let that simmer."
"This is such a big eggplant, I'm actually going to slice it again here, just to make the cubes more symmetrical."
"In this video clip, I will be answering the question what is engine coolant."
"Well in baseball it's not called keeping your head down although in baseball what happens sometimes is that someone will pull their head off the ball, you've seen that and you've heard about that."
"Oh boy look what that does to my body but if I try to watch this club hit that ball, baseball address baseball grip, watch it hit boom!"
That is the greatest way to keep your head down.
In this clip we're going to show you how to make a hair wrap.
"You're going to remove that pin in a minute, but you're going to wrap the hair like that."
An income statement summarizes the revenues earned and the expenses incurred over a period of time.
"What's cool about smith grinds is that since your wheels are below the edge of the top of the ledge, you're able to actually get a lot of pop to get you out of the smith grind."
"And as you can see, the track is actually built now."
"And when you're not over your track, you will see a red circle with an X there."
"To begin laying the track, you're going to left-click your mouse and simply drag your track towards the direction that you want to build in."
What we're going to talk about regarding self hypnosis is how do you focus on your feelings in hypnosis?
"So, what he wants to be focusing on is the feelings of being a very happy, joyful golfer playing at a competitive level."
He feels very confident.
So this is how he focuses on his feelings.
The maximum working distance is from eight to twelve feet.
We're back.
Pass me the mohee mohee.
Either way you're going to want to practice.
"In this segment, we're going to tackle choosing a voice."
It is a sanitary precautionary measure.
Go out and get party streamers.
Maybe you want to do some improvisation or simply doing ice breakers like the pulse game where everybody stands in a circle and you send the pulse around the circle.
"ANDRE BOULAY: So, the next trick we're going to show you is called leg orbits."
"So practice that, get a good strong throw, and eventually, you'll be able to do this for a really long time, that's called leg orbit."
"This here is the hoop and it is made out of wood, it can also be made out of metal."
This is the drum head and it is made out of plastic.
But plastic is now preferred because of the sound and its durability and here is the most important part of the drum is the bearing edge.
"Absolutely, no, no,no, no, no unless there is a bag situation where toward the end of the game you're risking going out by taking a bag, never, never, never push the bid to thirteen in fourth seat unless the score clearly dictates that."
"The reason for that is, you're partner has put up a big old five if you had all those spades; he's bidding five on side suits."
If your bid is combined then you're bidding one trick and you're bidding one trick.
"Now, the way I throw it, there are multiple techniques for throwing back crosses."
"The way I throw, is I have the back of my hand perpendicular to my back, just like this."
So as close to your eye area as you can but not on it.
They have them with 15 or even 20 sunscreen.
"So what we're going to need to do is build our exposure time in the sun up a little bit at a time, say 10 to 15 minutes a day."
"It's a little bit larger, it also sits very deep in the ear canal, but as you can see, the surface is a little bit bigger."
This is larger still and fills more of the ear canal.
What we want to remember is when when we bring our finger tips up to our shoulders.
This is very important that you attain perfect posture.
And that's going to help us to make an even pattern of writing across the page.
"So again, I think it's helpful to practice a word that you think you might have trouble spacing a couple of times."
But the sweetness of the white tea will come out when it's fresh and if it's a good quality tea.
"Also, the aroma of the tea leaves before you brew it."
"Don't hit into the group in front of you, and don't hold up the group behind you."
"This lets the golf course know that you're coming, so that they don't book somebody else in your spot."
It is not quite as laid back it is a little more of a night club experience.
"How do you create your own step, pretty much all the time comes from your heart."
Okay.
Yeah.
We're going to add the accent to the chest lift that we just learned.
We'll put the accent on the top.
And one of the best fundamental ways we can do is the shot fake and drive.
So it's going to look like this.
Good.
"What's up, it's James."
"So I'm kind of a brand junkie and I've been using Tide since when I was born, and I continue to use Tide; and I like Tide, Tide smells fantastic."
"So you're kind of have a smaller base for your support of, on the ball that you're sitting."
This is for lighter weights or no weights if you're starting to train your core and you need to start just learning how to do the exercise.
This exercise is Large Arm Circles.
"The convertible part of it, comes from the fact that, this is like the, basically, a Convertible Collar just is referencing the basic collar, and the open term, if you want to call it convertible, call it convertible."
I am going to begin the steaming process.
"I do that until the milk temperature kind of matches the temperature of my hand, it is about 100 degrees, and you just kind of feel this warm break in the milk."
"And the reason that they're a little bit harder, is so that when you end up sliding across surfaces, they don't end up flat spotting."
"And Rictas are very good, they usually don't flat spot at all."
"So the distance between the bottom of the wheel and the truck is very small, and so it's a lot lower."
This is to allow the maximum amount of air flow to the pages.
So we're going to start.
"Step, together."
Good.
"Again, this is another product."
"So, it says on here, 100% gray coverage."
"This is a great root touch-up product because that's exactly what it's for, to touch up the roots and touch up the gray."
It's going to tell you how long to process based on how gray your hair is.
Dogs tend to like to use the same spot where they've gone before.
You can also bring in some of their feces from outside and put it in the litter box again to draw them to that and then just work slowly.
You might need to confine your dog until you think that they need to go to the bathroom and then only give them access to that litter box so that hopefully that's where they'll choose to go.
Anybody can wear this no matter how big they are.
So the warranty is set by the manufacturer.
It's going to last a lot longer than going back and buying something in two years because you didn't have an extended warranty.
"The manufacturer sets up the warranty, through the normal wear and tear, or the normal defects."
So that's a really good way to work with paper and make sure people feel that they're getting a good quality product which they are.
You will start with a pair of round nose pliers.
Now a regular slide by like we demonstrated is a simple slide just with your foot going directly to the base.
"Olive juice compliments the vodka perfectly, and almost anybody will love it."
"So, the best tasting vodka drink would be a dirty martini."
All fairly simple so far.
We have a throw rope that’s attached to your waist so you know exactly where it is at all times.
"Now, we learned all the basic principles and biomechanics and your basic stance and balance, now let's put it to use."
"Now, flex your knees and jump."
"The use of the bidding by the old classic spaders who decided that well, maybe the partners had to bid a minimum of two."
"You know that when the hand is bid at eleven, you have to make a decision, are you going to go for the set, or are you going to go for the bags?"
Bid the tricks that you think you're going to take without going over the limit.
"In other words, you didn't have to bid accurately."
"Lift one foot, shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
"What I can do is use this control just above the quick control dial a little bit to the right of the LCD screen and it kind of acts like a joystick and what I can do is use that to navigate around in my image by pressing in, really any direction and I can scroll around to look at different parts of my image."
"I'm going to select that one by pressing set, actually to, it is selected what I'm going to do is zoom in there with the zoom button that looks like a magnifying glass with a plus sign in the middle."
"Nonsense words are words that are not real, we don't use them, but they illustrate the same rule that we're working on."
"When I hear that sound again, the film is going on, and I get it on my reel and I'm good to go."
"I want to hold the reel between my hand like this, film between my thumb and my finger, and this point I want to have facing out."
You could wear a tie with it whatever you want to do.
"Whatever, whatever you want to draw, just draw."
O.k.
So we're going to do the topspin forehand serve return now.
Welcome back.
It makes the lips look a little bit poutier.
We're just going to do it right in the center of the lips.
Give him a sniff.
"There's nothing quite like the smell of a dead crab, and it's pretty pungent, and it's pretty obvious, so if he doesn't smell, and he's not limp, he's alive."
"There's two tests I like to do, to find out if the crab is dead."
"If you have an entire book of poetry that you want to publish, you can go to a self publishing or subsidy press."
"As you can see, I got really nicely thin pieces here that are super thin; a lot thinner than your average fajita."
Keep your tip down.
"Now that we have them sliced up into thin slices like I showed you earlier, what you want to do is you want to go and slice the opposite way."
You want to make thin slices as thin as possible.
You don't want to over fill your enchiladas.
"In tennis the ball has to go first over the net, which is your first challenge and second the ball has to land in the court."
"Single lines is when you’re playing one person against another person, the ball has to go inside this area and then inside the base line all the way to the second single court, single line."
Outside would be everything else.
So we will start with this nice piece of blank paper.
There's our treble cleft and E flat is this very first line.
Insomnia has a number of different causes.
"Okay, the last stretch we just did was a stretch for your tricep, the next stretch we're going to do is one that really isolates the shoulder."
"There's also numerous websites on the Internet that supposedly offer free legal advice and I would caution you that when you avail yourself of these services, you are getting exactly that, what you are paying for, free legal advice."
"Many people can only take their hips off the floor, just a little bit, because they feel the pressure inside their shoulders and arms."
"You can look at this chain ring and there are data bases on the web that show different variations of chain rings, but you can determine the manufacturer of this bike, just based on this chain ring."
This greatly effects the gearing of the bicycle.
"So, a bike like this going up hill was probably kind of hard, but on a flat or going down hill, the kid on this bike was probably the fastest kid around."
"You see it comes around to the back sprocket here, this is a twenty tooth sprocket."
"You can stay in the home for as long as you wish, receive those payments from your reverse annuity mortgage, and you can also live there until your spouse passes on as well."
"No worries for your family, because when they inherit the family home, they have up to a year to refinance and pay out the reverse mortgage."
"And then, the spread collar, it's going to be a shorter collar, and there's going to be more space in between here, more space, and it's a little bit shorter."
"You're going to button down so you can, it's not going to move when you put your tie underneath it, it's going to stay."
And you can kind of stay within that guideline and make your choices.
"Here we have the regular collar, it's very standard."
"It has the top button on the, on the, on the top piece and then starts down here."
"Let's talk about how to stick your opponent with taking the queen of spades, or risking taking the queen of spades."
"So if I lead spades twice, statistically speaking, on the second time, if it didn't happen on the first time, on the second time the guy I passed the queen of spades to is going to be forced to play it."
"Hi, I'm Jyler Noviello, and I'm going to teach you how to dribble a soccer ball."
"You know you see a lot of those professional golfers out there on Sunday afternoon hitting these wedge shots, having them check up, having them spin, the reason why they're creating that spin on that golf ball I should say is because of the grooves in their wedges."
"So, I'll print this out on my transfer paper."
I got this in a Microsoft Office picture manager.
So now we're ready to put this on our t-shirt.
So you're going to really have to bend your standing leg.
Bend your standing leg.
Just make your feet's in the right position first and everything is pulled up.
So we're going to drop and dip and drop and dip and drop and dip.
Those may be some signs of senile dementia you may notice.
This cord is plugged into part of my camera and actually lets me be able to hold this flash or put it onto a light stand to incorporate this in my photography.
So this is a really important tool to have in doing your photography.
"And at first I've noticed that I had a certain, I don't know, a fear of flash, I just didn't like it."
"Whether it's having a symmetrical, asymmetric, as far as one shouldered, or belted."
"You can do anything, but this is the jump off point."
Gina is going to come on up to her knees and take a seat on her heels and she is going to bring her hands behind her head and open up through her shoulders.
"Then we're just going to pause right here and then give a little more pressure to her back, how's that Gina?"
This is April and she's going to help me demonstrate the pose.
There are a couple of things that you want to look out for.
"And once you get on the table, the best thing you want to do is just relax, take a lot of deep breaths and just breathe into it, and know that if your therapist is doing too much, and it's hurting you, it is your massage, and you do have the right to speak up, and say that's too much, please lighten up your pressure."
"So remember, it's your massage, and that's how you want to get a massage."
"If you have an real high vegetation area in the trees, to where the smoke can't build escape, the smoke will build up all on your campsite, and it will just be miserable for you and your other campers; having to breathe smoke and all that."
"Lastly, try and build your fire off the beaten path."
You want to make sure that you build your fire near a water source.
Okay so one more kick from the Muay Thai in the beginners series is what we call the switch kick.
"So one more time switch, the legs change and then pivot and hit okay and then we go switch kick 1, switch kick 2, switch kick 3, switch kick 4."
I'm sure she'll give you the color that you love.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can pick a hair color.
So make sure to read directions on any box that you picked up from the grocery store.
REBECCA SATO: Hi.
"And the others, they might see you as a plumber, so let's just say that."
And we're going to talk about self-image and writing.
"You're like, ""I don't feel like I'm a plumber."""
"But let's say this is ""you,"" okay?"
You want to keep you knife moving in a nice downward motion.
"If you slice one in half like that, don't worry."
Maybe you could use it still.
"This is a period of graduate medical education, during which you learn your specialty."
"As you, when you're in completion of your undergraduate experience you'll need to take what is called the Medical College Admissions Test."
We are talking about how to throw Ninja Stars.
You don't want to let your arm pass too far because then your release will be off and you will throw the Ninja Star off so you want to make sure that your arm is locked out to wherever you are throwing your Ninja Star at.
That is just a little bit more information about Ninja Stars and how to get started in throwing.
Part of the fun of Pokemon is that it is a collectible card game.
Your killer deck.
"We can use--we can make a clasp just like this that doesn't--that even though this one won't go in, I'm going to make one like this that will fit in this hole and work just fine."
And I'm going to actually make the hole big enough that I can cut down farther in with my grinding bit.
"So, I'm just going to go in until the hole appears to be wide enough that I can cut down a little further with this one."
"Originally, I was going to use this bit to go all the way through but that hole is looking really, really good."
This is where a strong logo icon and bold logo type will really stand out.
"However, there are many occasions when the use of a multi-colored logo just will not be practical."
We tell him to stay.
You know as far as training goes in the beginning we start with a five to six foot leash.
Find out what your trade-in is worth.
"The call waiting is another good way to take advantage of the telephone, to do two calls at the same time."
"If it's a local number, you just need to dial the seven digits, without the area code."
"Go on and decorate it like you would even a powder room or a small room, but have fun with it."
"Really organize it, make it very clean because you have your clean clothes in there."
"This laundry room has a great color in it, but it's not really a fun color."
"It's the color that goes with the rest of the house, and you can just break the mold and do whatever makes you kind of energetic -- a bright apple green, an orange."
"Here, we are going to do an open break, so we'll push on one, pull on two, now here's what we want to do we want to pull the girl forward and make her turn at the same time."
"We're going to push her forward on five, turn her on six, catch her on seven."
What you want to avoid doing is bringing the left hand over here to the right hand because that makes the girl feel like she's supposed to turn.
So we're going to be replacing that with a better insulated door.
"Now additionally, there is a significant amount of air that leaks through the door on the bottoms, on the sides and on the top."
We're going to doing the jump.
"Once they get that down, what you need to do is start adding jumps."
And you need to start coming over the jumps.
Good girl!
"Anybody can put up a sign and say okay, I'm a dog trainer and start training people's dogs."
I recommend this being an hour or less.
I've got a right punch and a left punch.
"If I've got my arm up in a touchdown position and my left arm is on my hip, this is a right punch."
I can take that down making it a left low punch.
I can also do a right low punch.
"But this usually sticks very well to itself, and there's never much trouble in keeping that together."
I'd say that wrap should stay pretty well in place.
We just talked about riding the board.
"If you've fallen in to the water, you're doing a bad job at riding the board, OK."
"On a shortboard, my feet are going to go around here, front feet around here, the middle of the board."
We are going to use a base coat of wax and then a top coat of wax in order to create grip so we don't slip: that would be a rookie mistake.
"Remember, to use herbs to treat pimples, try a paste of fresh mint, lemon juice and tumeric powder, or a paste of sandalwood powder and rosewater."
Nobody wants to live with pimples.
Apply this paste to the pimples and let it dry.
Another natural remedy is to make a paste of sandalwood powder and rosewater.
"You also want to make sure that along with all your decorative scissors, you have just a regular pair of scissors for any other cutting you might want to do."
That way you can just dump them all in there and dig through them as you need them.
This one's really nice because it spins and you can see all of the different cuts that it makes already on the scissors.
"So mainly the first steps or stages of a facial of any facial really, you want to prepare the skin and cleansing and exfoliating helps to open the skin's pores so that the skin can receive the other products or ingredients of the rest of the treatment so when the skin's pores are wide open you're going to benefit the most from the treatment."
"It's a; you want to make sure you have the proper alignment on your vehicle whenever you do, get new tires so that they're not wearing unevenly because sometimes if the alignment is off very badly you will get a wavy fashion across the tread and this is another problem; this could cause a vibration as you're driving down the street from this being chopped up in this fashion and that's usually what they call tire chop."
And that concludes dealing with tire tread on the automotive vehicle.
"Now, I didn't plan it that way or buy these two together but sometimes you kind of luck out and while you're piecing things together in your closet, you have two things that just kind of seem like they fit together."
And Thai tea is usually consumed when it is sweet so also if you are afraid of sugar and calories stay away from Thai tea.
But it is a wonderful treat to try if you want to enter into the Asian cuisines and touch upon what is popular in different Asian tea houses.
"Ok, now we're going to check the brake fluid."
"You want to make sure your fluid is always at this max line, on the brake reservoir itself."
"We're going to need to add fluid, in this situation."
Up and down.
You're going to continue this all the way around the perimeter of your object.
So grab it and push it up towards the scalp.
And that's how you scrunch your hair.
So when you get out of the shower you just want to take your towel and kind of go in and just remove as much water as possible.
You can even use a spray gel.
And there's our finished clown mask.
You want to do just a big arch over both of the eyes like that with nice bright colors.
"So, when you're speaking with your tailor or maybe the rental place, where you're going to be renting your suit, or someone that is designing and creating something special for you, one thing to consider is different neck shapes that you have, which are going to kind of alter the shoulder style that your garment is going to be tailored in; your jacket specifically."
"So, there's different ways to measure that, or there's different ways to kind of point out or notice and take into account, meaning what type of shoulder you want based on your neck, whatever neck you've been given."
"Keeping this in mind, he knows that the tiger was also a larger animal than most of the other animals and the tiger's techniques would not be something that a smaller person would be able to use."
"The tiger's techniques were head on, they were for someone who is stronger, and fast and the techniques often show that, for example we do a technique called tiger on guard, tiger crouches, tiger strikes to the throat."
This is not a technique you would do to someone who is much bigger than you.
People might just run into the plant.
So in order to make our plant more secure.
"Especially, when we use a plastic container like this, too."
"Decorative rocks, large boulders."
Or we can also use little ornaments like this.
"Hopefully, you shouldn't have too many problems with your plant being unstable."
Or another really great technique is to simply prop the plant up.
So that it's leaning against the wall.
Large and small.
"But sometimes, if a plant has a shallow root system."
So think of the value you will be receiving just from this one customer alone.
"If you retain customer's, then you not only retain your business for a month, a year, but it could go on longer than that."
Think about the customer base that you could build upon from that one customer.
Then the secret ingredient to this is going to be cilantro.
"A cilantro is a interesting vegetable you got to really wash it well or you're going to find sand and grit in it, so wash it and stem it."
Good.
Very nice.
"Forward, back; forward, back."
The other function of a plum line is to tell you where your posts are going to go.
"We call it a foot because it sits on there, right?"
"We're going to start right in the center smear it around like this, if you get to much on there as you tip it, which we don't want to do, as we tip it wax rolls off runs down the side glaze won't stick to there."
"Since it didn't do that we still have some wax in our sponge so I'm going to go about a quarter of an inch at least slowly turn the pot turning my wrist, both wrists like that all the way over."
That's how to run the out route.
The out route can be very effective.
Let's try combining the 2.
"You can really have some fun with putting the hoop down by extending that second arm through the hoop, turning slowly and then giving the hoop a whirl."
"Lift ups and drop downs are a lot of fun, so play with them and make this trick your own."
"If you ever see them in action they really do, they just slide right in the dirt like it's water and disappear right away."
They don't get very big.
There are a couple of different species of sand boas.
"Sand boas are one of the few snakes where you can actually tell the sex by dimorphism which means they have, both sexes have different characteristics."
The males have a longer tail section.
"Interesting things about the sand boas, the sand boas do live most of their lives underground."
Just to make sure that everybody is up to snuff on the situation.
"Two identical dice, right and the object is to roll them both at the same time."
"There's six plus four equals ten so the whole deal is you're playing with two six sided dice and probability is at play and the thing, the combination, the sum that most often comes up will be seven because it's most likely with two six sided dice to get a seven than anything else."
"Now, the abscess is only painful if you bite hard on it or if your; if you become infirmed enough that your normal immune system doesn't attack it."
"So, surgery is avoided; surgery is done at the apex of the tooth for one of several reasons."
The early portion of an abscess tooth is quite uncomfortable there is a lot of pain from the intense pressure.
What you are going to want to do when you start waxing is you are going to want to take your iron and hold it above the snowboard and touch it with your bar of wax and your wax will begin to drip off.
Now we’re going to lower the car.
And the second he comes to you you're going to praise him heavily and make him feel very good about what he's done.
The topic of today's discussion is teaching your dog how to come when called.
"They are typically very inexpensive, in the 10 to 20 dollar range but by comparison a good felt hat for those of you who don't know is going to run you anywhere from 100 to 300 dollars so if you want a hat like this a good hat box is a tremendous investment."
And we would do a couple of these to show you this style and then we get them into the deep fryer in a minute and see what happens from there.
That's called interference.
One thing that's important is when you're trying to make an interception; you have to have a good read on the ball.
Quick ball reversal will really hurt this defense.
This defense is designed to stop the outside shot.
So the weak spots are here and here.
"Now, you have to have athletes in order to really run this defense."
"It's really, really important."
"Or, they're going to be used to balancing with their neck a great deal, which is going to cause issues along the back area and in the hindquarters."
These are real nice because you don't have to do any folding of the ground cloth or anything like that.
The next thing I want to talk to you about is silence.
"No, I'd rather be silent and punish you, than tell you how I'm really feeling or thinking."
And what does that communicate?
You can use one or two.
And then all those other I's have different meanings too.
"OK, so there are many different ways in which we can write that letter I, and it indicates how we feel about ourselves."
Once you rolled out your pie crust take a spatula and just kind of work it under it cause you don't want to tear it.
If it's stuck anywhere from underneath non commercial surface and it would be hard to get off.
So obviously I can't go all the way to the middle but to move it to our pie pan.
We're just going to flop it this over anyway like a burrito.
"And the dealer has his 3 cards and your going to place your bet because a pair kings is a very good hand to have and you see the dealer also has a pair of kings so your thinking now what are we going to do, cause everybody has a pair of kings, were going to the 3rd card since you have a queen, and the dealer has a 5, you are the winner, so your going to win your ante, your going to win your bet, and your also going to win your pair plus because you do have a pair of kings."
And you're trying to get away from it.
"Make sure you don't look at the floor, this whole time."
Or moving back.
One and two.
"Well, you've got to learn how to slip."
So you have balance.
"The most common mistake people make, slipping, is they look at the floor as they go down."
Sometimes the person who is first out is not the one who wins.
Wild cards are allowed to play any time.
So the goal of Uno is to be the first to have all your cards out of your hand and to have the most points afterwards.
"Now, don't think that just because you're not between those two white lines that you're not an important part of the offense, because even the smartest base runners, needs help getting around the bases."
"Again, dealing up, up, up, dealer card up, up, up, up and in this case, the next card I put is down or called the hole card, and again, slide into the table so nobody can see and put it under."
"The next card is up, what I do is put it toward the right of the card, why?"
Pull out on your lever.
Something that goes from newborn on through.
Well I made an angry face because I'm really mad that I missed the bus this morning or whatever it is.
"You have everybody sit in a circle, they're all sitting down and one person is going to make a face."
"Now as you continue with any business, you are going to learn a lot more about that."
Any time you can educate your customer and we will speak about this a little bit more in detail later.
Then you are helping that customer better communicate with you what their expectations may be in the future.
This is your first mix we have a second mix coming up.
I prefer to always have people speak in the present tense.
"So, you want to go ahead and make sure they're in there solid."
This would be your heel strap and toe strap.
"Pandering is not the answer, but how do you compliment a man who catches your eye?"
Maybe he has something on his shirt.
He's there.
You don't need to use an odometer and keep track of every mile that you ride.
It's got three legs and folds down.
"A lot of tripods, the more professional kinds have levels on them."
You don't want to put your camera into a tripod too tight.
"It is a very sturdy, trusty tripod."
"So we have our yummy bacon, I'm taking it to our cast iron grill which is kind of smoking right now, which is the way I want it."
I'm going to turn it off.
"Hopefully, your screen catcher is still working and right now it's giving us basic systems for Tim."
We're going to go back into Tim and what we need to do if we want to get rid of Tim's account is we need to log him out.
So we're going to go on to our system preferences.
Bye.
"If the paint is already dry, what you'll have to do is wet the area, like this."
You see where I've blotted; it's removed paint.
"In a lot of cases, you can't remove the paint entirely; it's just impossible, but you can get some of it out."
Inside a tanning salon we have these acrylics that you lay on and it will damage the acrylics and so we don't allow anything into a tanning salon that's not been approved for indoor tanning.
So it has to say approved for indoor tanning before we let any of our clients use any other kind of product.
"And you're going, each step, the opposite arm is coming with you, just like...just like you're running."
"A lot of times people say that duck walking is bad for your knees, and if you have pre-existing knee injuries, then yes, you probably shouldn't do duck walks."
Barney's always has a good selection of hot chocolate and flavors.
"Then we found of course, Cadbury's."
We found another hot chocolate mix and we'll put that in.
What we've done is we've put together things that have to do with chocolate or that will compliment chocolate.
"Our position for the next break which will be a fist, one board fist, is walking stance, which is about shoulder with a distance from the board."
Okay?
"So now what I'm going to do is place it right on the braid, go under the braid, and through the top of the hair extension here."
You've got to first put a braid at the back of your hair.
Now you're going to use a needle and thread like I have here.
"I like using these glass, kind of these melted glass marbles and you can get these in all kinds of craft stores."
"See the legs and all of that come out, don’t be squeamish about this, this is real easy and your reward is wonderful."
"So what you want to do is you can see the shells on these are very, very light."
"Sometimes, with these sizes of shrimp you won’t really find a mud vein too much in the, the back of them."
"Don’t worry if you, if you get the bigger shrimp, sometimes they do."
Some have never heard her sing so that was a great idea.
We're going to cover a little bit about the actual proper footwear to wear for jump roping.
"Now, I am going to show you how to give a prep beat for the ensemble to come in on beat four."
Of course!
"It's a little fragile sometimes, like anything else you have to be careful."
"What they, the thing that makes them breaking pliers is if you look at tip, see how the tip comes together at an angle?"
"Furthermore, this particular set of pliers I like has kind of this sort of rubber kind of shoe, this kind of protective rubber, kind of on top of the metal which allows you to get a firm grip but it still provides a little bit of kind of protection of digging into that glass or maybe cracking that glass even more."
"So you don't need to have those, that sort of rubber housing on the tips but I like it."
I think a couple of things are happening in here.
A 6 o'clock date on a weekday.
I'm going to try to show you how you can wear something to work and transition that same outfit into an appropriate date for after work.
"If you have, actually, hair that's course, curly, you might want to choose, here's one, Semi De Lino Shampoo."
"Once again, in this clip, we are going to be hooping in the opposite direction, a very challenging thing to do."
Kind of back and forth.
"Once again, if it starts to fall, really give it that kick."
"The faster you turn, the more the hoop will float."
"Hi, I'm Kerri and I'm at Zebra in Berkeley."
It is vital at this point to have the wire leader.
"What I asked them to do by just picking up the glass and putting their nose in it, and smelling, was just to get the initial impression of the smell of a wine, or the wine's primary or first aroma, and a wine's primary or first aroma will be; smells like wine."
"Because of that we turn off and on the oven, I mean the mixer."
"It depends on what kind of coverage you want, what your skin's like, what kind of feel, or what kind of texture you like on your face."
"These usually will work well for people who first of all, want a quick application."
It's a radial tire.
There is a number of good patterns ideas that you can get from your local fabric store.
But this one was a good one that gave me some ideas for the one that I would be doing today.
"I would be using some coordinated fabric, different patterns but similar color schemes an other options that you might want to consider are gingham, floral, many different colors that work well together."
Curly hair or wavy hair has more of a disulfide bond which is the way that the proteins are actually bonded together.
"Whether it's your first time ice fishing or your fiftieth time ice fishing, it's always good to fish with someone."
"It just says forest and has a picture that takes up nearly the entire forest, nearly the entire card."
This is a much more recent forest from the Lorwyn expansion set.
"As the sets have progressed, the way the cards are templated has become much more refined."
"The other thing I want to stress is: don't think you need to spend ten or fifteen minutes at a time on one bag, just hitting that same bag over and over again."
"But what I like to see is have the boxer do three rounds with a normal speed and power and then go do something else, speed bag or something, and then come back to the heavy bag again."
"And then, go do something else, double-end bag maybe."
"Now, this is not real grass, but you're getting closer to the real thing than plastic grass, certainly."
We're going to up the [INDISCERNIBLE] on that by adding in weights.
"My name is Anthony Maddaloni, and I'm going to be talking about how to start a photography business."
So those are some aspects that you want to look at it.
Most people start out in photography as a hobby or something they really enjoy.
You're going to get all that business.
"Now tail loss is one of the most feared illnesses by a leopard gecko owner simply because, especially if they are used for breeding or for show purposes, because the tail that's lost, they can regrow their tail, but what regrows is not the same."
"You also want to make sure they have plenty off food, plenty of fresh water, and a nice warm area, but also a nice cool area to thermo-regulate."
So carefully examine the body and make sure you don't see any little bugs.
"This is actually meant to be able to fool its predators, because they are able to drop their tail, they want to be able to distract their predator from their head and use their tail as a decoy, which they can drop and escape at that point."
"Not necessarily the type that gets the redness out of your eyes, but you want to make sure you get specifically eye lubricant."
What I have done is measure this room and made a determination that I wanted this space pretty much open around the rug.
"Another helpful tip in preserving your picket fence, is to remove the dirt or any wet debris at the bottom of your fence."
"When you paint a fence, it has two primary functions."
The first is that it looks good.
"You don't want them sitting on the table next to you, you don't want them in your lap."
Today I'm going to show you how to choose the right nail.
These are just some basic things to know about nails when you're choosing the right nail for whatever type of application you're using them for.
This is called alternating hop.
You have different type of faucets.
So I'm Tim Gipson with some tips on bathroom plumbing.
"You have your hot and cold water supply, you have your drain, and your vent system."
Do you have to make an appointment to make the audition.
Get as comfortable as you can with the material.
"Be familiar with the play and the characters so when you walk into the audition and they say, what part do you want to audition for?"
You'll be able to answer.
Auditions can be scary and really intimidating if you've never gone to them before.
"But there's some very simple things that you can do to walk in and give a confident, competent audition."
In this video clip we will be applying our shelf paper and reinstalling our shelf.
"Now, I'm pulling it from the back side and smoothing it on the front side at the same time and you want to use a good amount of pressure to get that flat."
"And remember, at some point your new car will be someone else's used car so the better you take care of your new car, the more money you can get for it when its your used car."
Ask when you buy your car whether or not there is a service contract that's available.
Maybe your parents did it as a kid.
firegroove.com.
That's the history of the hoop.
Yeah.
You can see it a mile away.
"And the way you want to condition that hair is you might want to use something that moisturizes the hair, a moisturizing mask."
"If it's way too damaged, you know, don't be afraid to clip it off."
"Which we will do in the oven, it's the baking part."
"That way its stored, nice and neat bring it out of the bag, still smells fresh."
Leather we've already talked about previously in a segment.
That looks great.
"If you hoop towards the right, your first hand will be your left hand."
Now I'm going to talk a little bit about henna safety.
Black henna does not exist.
You have found out you have to go to court and you're going to go to court without a lawyer and your concerned about how to address the judge.
Repeat this procedure about three times.
"But this time, ring out the cloth."
"Specially, formulated for lips."
I'm Jackie Silver from Aging Backwards.
"You can do your own shrimp stock if you like this is going to be a craw fish etouffee so you are you won't have the shrimp shells on you, you may have some in your freezer it is always great when you are peeling shrimp that you go ahead and put some in a bag in the freezer."
Hello I'm Greg Koenig owner of fitness for life.
Sarah is going to demonstrate one of the many moves used to helping increase strength and muscle mass if that's what you are looking to do for volleyball specific.
"One, obviously first we're going to fake the ball."
"Whenever you make a pass, you want to try to keep your defender as far away as possible."
You're probably going to have to take one more step back.
"You don't throw it at their head, and you don't throw it at their feet."
"The inside's all nice and clean, we're just going to do the top rim."
"And another reason why I don't use cloth for this, is because the cloth would, you know, you'll drop a corner of it will go down into the toilet and get and it's just more difficult."
So just clean that up.
Okay.
"So what we're going to do is once we're happy with each position, we are going to left-click again, and it will build the switch."
The customer comes at you with a very upset loud tone; don't match the customers tone.
"So, starting with your right foot, you're going to step to the side."
I wanted to take some time in this series of videos to talk about controlling ones caffeine intake.
"But for somebody who chooses to go drug free or chooses to go off ADHD medication, caffeine can quickly become a disruptive force."
It can cause you to go beyond a point where you're focused due to the stimulation of the caffeine.
From there I'm going to proceed to the front of the vehicle and let the vehicle down.
"He's caught it, he secured it."
"After your first use of your stone, you would use the nylon scraper that comes with 4 different corners to clean your stone."
Then you would just simply rinse it with warm water.
This is going to ensure that we don't blow out the end of our project.
"So, you know, we each throw out a king and there are a number of ways to do this because it's a common game and people learn from their parents or their friends."
That's one way to do it.
"So, finally what we want to do is, we want to put the legs and feet together on the basic Five Step Sabar Jump."
It would be a great investment to look into these tools.
"First off, recall I had mentioned wearing a belt around the middle of your cat costume dress."
You simply grab your flat iron and you pull it through your hair.
This will help smooth out the texture of the hair and get any tangles out.
"Now remember, if you like to use a flat iron, you can do so."
You want a lot of pockets you can fit things in.
"Dryers can come in a regular capacity, a heavy duty capacity, or an extra heavy duty."
"A lot of your dryers will come with the temperatures that you can put on low heat for delicates, to a medium heat for knits, or permanent press, all the way up to high heat for your cotton products that are a lot in your regular clothes."
Today we're going to learn how to make our own hoop earrings.
They sell them in craft stores and they look very similar to this.
"When learning how to Belly-dance, make sure you just make small goals for yourself."
This will help you keep you healthy while you're dancing.
"Just make many goals for yourself, learn your move, really practice it, maybe take a week or two or however long it takes to learn that move, perfect it."
"Sometimes they do want to upgrade, their systems and especially if you want to add an iPod to the stock radios."
On when you buy and after market radio a like I told you before they're equip already there.
I also look at the upstream face of the water so the water dropping down toward that foam should have a pretty low angle to it.
"I step one, heel kick, step down, double jump heel kick."
"So to start it, right, you just keep your hands on by your side, you step, heel kick."
"Step down, now your left knee is going to lift, then instead of just tucking your leg like this, okay, for a normal jump, you're going to throw your left foot out and heel kick."
The devil goes around tagging other people.
Then she presses into that block and reaches up through her fingertips and opens up through her heart and comes into that twist just a little bit deeper.
So she's going to come into her halfway lunge.
Today we've been talking about how to measure your bra size.
"We call this the 4 part cast; pick up, back cast, pause, forward cast, and presentation."
"1, 2, 3, 4; that’s the 4 part cast."
"Take your new one, screw it right back in, put your connector back on."
"You don't want to sit in there and try and turn it, thinking it doesn't work, 'cause it....it turns on on it's own."
There are a few bubbles here that you want to get rid of.
Then you place the steam wand a little bit beneath the surface of the milk to heat up the milk.
You need to know your horse again and know what your horse prefers and what your horse prefers that you not do and take it from there.
But there's actually another product down here I wanted you to see.
"These wax sheets come in different sizes, different dimensions and I think craft people use these to decorate candles."
"And a lot of times, I'll just take a tool and melt it through and make a pattern on top of the sheet."
A twice burnt match.
"Now, it looks like you're just going to, cool it down, but in reality you're just going to throw it down between your legs onto the floor."
"This is a really old staple of restaurant magic, usually it's done with paper matches."
The Indians drink a lot of black tea and they produce a lot of black tea.
"It's been said that if the Indians each drank one extra cup of black tea a day, they would become a net importer of teas over time."
"Now, let's go ahead and taste this tea, it looks like it's ready."
It's really what people think of when they think of tea.
But the beauty of a good lob serve for the server is I'm going to have time to get over there to cover his shot.
That's pretty good.
"But, in order to achieve a conversational style, you need to make eye contact with your audience, because that's how you build a relationship with your audience."
"So first step we're going to do towards changing the oil, is we're going to remove the oil cap on top of the engine."
It's going to be really hot underneath when you're taking the oil out and when you're replacing the oil filter.
So just a tip.
You can go ahead and get that oil warmed up just a little bit.
This is the under side of the deck.
So that leaves you something to think about if you want to coat the bottom of your deck or not.
It will go very very quickly.
Some people say that the wood should breathe.
"This basically makes it so that when we apply the colored paint, we don't have any colors showing through."
Sometimes it requires you to kick it with the heels of your boot or reach ahead of the snow hook bridle which is lying that is attached to the snow of your dog team and jerk it back a few times.
"It's a seven millimeter magnum, it has a timed release bullet, which I talked about before, for depending on how much penetration you want before it mushrooms out."
"Start off with a white or a light gray, something like because when you get into the darker colors, it makes it a little harder and there's a lot more advanced steps to go to, to be able to airbrush on those colors."
I think Bubble Finesse is a really cute word.
"Also when you taste a glass of sparkling wine, the bubbles should be so many and so small, lets try it, that they form like a creamy texture."
"So the more bubbles, the smaller the bubbles."
"Again with any breeds that are supposed to have one coat type, you might have individuals or groups of individuals with another coat type."
It is going to be more difficult to keep them brushed out because that fine coat is going to mat a little bit more.
This is going to help the feathering.
"If you do this, carefully you will have a beautiful lip."
Apply it directly to the top and bottom lip.
"Once you do this, you're well on your way to stop the bleeding."
"Once you secure your foundation on top of the lip like so, go ahead and take some translucent powder and apply it to the top of the powder of the foundation that you applied on your lip."
"Hi, my name is Lincoln Ward."
I am sure they will be happy to appraise it for you and let you know what the wholesale value of that car is.
That is a great way of making sure that you are getting the most car and not spending more money than you have to for it.
The traditional throw is actually from a forward pass which we touched on in both the string trick and looping sections.
I learned how to do it outside.
"I highly recommend doing that, because it can definitely fly off."
I'll show you really quick what that looks like.
"So if the yoyo was on the string spinning, I would pull the string down over it, almost as if you're actually going to wind it."
Take all the screws off the hinge on the door side and remove that hinge altogether.
"Then you get your new hinge and you mount them back on the door the same way you took the other ones off, set them in the mortise section, screw the screws back into the holes and then you'll have to hold your door back up and screw it back to the door frame and then you can shut the door and you've replaced your hinges."
Its not really going to be possible because this is just so much slower than this.
You're never going to be able to get this record and this record to be the same speed because they're so far apart.
Your problem is these records don't stay the same speed.
"If we wanted to match these two records, I'll show you real quick."
Well a ten needs a three.
"An Ace is worth one, it needs a queen which is worth twelve."
So I have nothing that I can play.
"So, you have to have this open to charge, and this is why you go ahead and strip the ends of it."
"Once you do that, you are going to do steps one 1,8,3,11 that we have showed your previously before."
"You can just braid your hair you know take a shower, braid your hair all the way down, then just flip it and put your cap on."
It does not matter how long or how thick your hair is.
"I have seen women with their hair down to their knees and they have worn wigs, we just condense it down."
And finally you're going to need some grout to put in it at the end.
You cut into the glass and you squeeze this on to the line where you've made the cut and it breaks the glass.
And then this is another pliers you can use to cut glass off of pieces.
If you are careful and do things in a controlled manner sometimes you will have glass breaking when you don't want it to but most of the time you will be able to control what it is doing.
"But also, obviously, broken glass can be very sharp, right?"
"I don't like really working with gloves because I feel like when you are doing artistic things it's nice to have your tactile senses to their maximum so, I personally wouldn't work with gloves and I don't think many stained glass workers do."
And Ashley actually has very good hair and the reason I chose her is we can all of the techniques on Ashley.
"But, if your first roll does not include a six and a five, than it won't matter if you got a four."
Chunk chocolate.
"With the warm ganache, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to take the cookies."
"Now these are nice and firm because I had them in the refridgerator, and I'm going to dip them half way into the chocolate."
"It's very important, any time you're going to use your tractor, don't assume that it's in the same condition that you left it in."
We want to get it back on there nice and snug.
Check the same thing on this side.
"You want these to be nice and snug, that's what keeps the implement from swinging side to side and making contact with your tires, which is a potential way to break things."
"Now, in UIL competitions there is sometimes impromptu speaking."
"SHANAY NORVELL: For bench dips, you may want to use a bench press machine or a flat bench as long as you have plenty of room for your legs."
"This is Doctor Paul, author of Boomer Girls: A Boomer Woman's Guide to Men and Dating and host of Ask Doctor Paul."
All right.
My mom in her old age is having this whole thing about no white rice.
The white rice and picadillo go hand in hand; they go together.
Woman: I already took it out of the ground.
Alright (laughs)
They maybe ill and they may need some medical attention.
You just want to be careful not to hurt the cat.
Which will have anti red eye facility.
"If you really have the money, you might even be able to afford image stabilization."
Before I apply the wax to the face I want to test the temperature of it.
So test your temperature of your wax before you touch your face.
So take the time to test the temperature of the wax.
"And, what we're going to do."
"And, it also strengthens the legs like crazy."
"For brides, a lot of times I'll actually use the lip liner as lip stick."
Our first step is to of course choose our pigment.
I'll show you in this segment how to repair a torn painting.
"Obviously if from the front you've got no damage, you have no visible damage, the repair has been adequately."
"Again, for oily skin you can go four to seven times a week."
"For sensitive skin, you want to do it like once, two times a week."
I like to do it at night because you really have the time to dedicate to your skin.
"Up until, you know, the last decade, there weren't a lot of very good solutions for dealing with the issue of hearing in noise with a hearing aid."
The directional microphone allows the hearing aid wearer to pick up sounds in one direction more than in any other direction.
Sure I wanted to add 12 tomatoes but looking over my garden I had room for 6.
I think it is one of the things that people over look when they are building there vegetable gardens but it is one of those things that are going to lead to a long term success or a failure if you don't get it right.
Well one of the things that they need is light and water.
I have even directed some of the down spout from my house to this area because I have a raised bed garden that was a consideration of my design I can take the water move it right in this garden area and it helps keep the garden deep watered.
They call this right side together.
"First, I want to slice a hole in the back that we are going to use for the stuffing."
"Now, after we've done this, and we're satisfied and we're really happy with the painting layer we have on here, the tape is surrounded so we don't have to worry about if there is any edges we want to get on later on."
You can do this when you can combine different layers of paint or maybe you're just going to use this as a guideline.
"First, take off a couple strips of masking tape."
"They do have other smoke detectors that are designed for kitchens, hallways or other rooms of the house."
"I am going to be installing the smoke detector towards the door of this room in the event that there was a fire outside of this room, the smoke would come down the hallway and come in raised to the ceiling right in front of that door and set that smoke detector off first."
I like to back stitch on these straps also.
I'm going to go ahead and sew this closed.
I like to start right here on the button catch.
Sew that.
"Okay so as you can see we have our plant pot here, it's been drying on our racks for a little while."
This really does make life so much easier in the long run.
"Okay so we have our pot on the wheel, turned upside down."
And we're ready to center this pot onto the wheel.
Hi.
"Then he's going to bring his heels together for the kiss, and notice that his hands are in guion mudra."
"You can put it on your back or your front, as you carry your rat with you and you can put multiple rats in here, unless he decides to chew out."
"This one is a little fancier, and it is not as secure as the other carriers are, since the rat can get out of this one, but it is awfully pretty."
I have here four different travel cases for your rat.
I’ve added some glitter to look like snow.
You can use different colors if you like.
"We will need our 5 x 8 index cards, some glitter, glue, markers, scissors and we are ready to begin."
"They usually have silicones in them and that actually coats the hair shafts, fills up the holes if you will to prevent frizz and keep the humidity out."
With the relaxer you just want to be sure that you don't double up on chemical services.
With the blow dryer you always want to make sure that you are using straightening products.
So when you hook it up make sure you plug your lights in so the people behind you can see what you're doing.
"It's larger and more round and it's got like a 5 pin plug in, 6 pin plug in inside."
Some vehicles you're going to have to wire the brakes yourself.
You're going to have to wire the lights yourself.
Because if it tangles in it you can't get a smooth look.
"Also, ask the customer what kind of wave she wants her hair to flow."
Somewhat like this.
"I cook it thorough, some people like it more pink."
I like it cooked like this cause I like the little toasty to the salmon.
This is the way to eat this just go ahead and dig in.
"To demonstrate this, I'll move my boat without even taking a stroke."
"A easy way to render this, when you're drawing it, decide, of course, where you want your waistline, then decide how short or how long you want the front part of your skirt to be."
A lot of times it's just simply an enclosure made with found and scavenged materials.
We should always make sure that the fiber cutting board is always clean before and after use.
As that there more chances of cutting your fingers with a bland knife then a sharp knife.
We are going to need a cutting board.
"You want to be comfortable, you want to be able to wear your wig and have fun with it and just be comfortable with it."
"You don't want it to be a nescient so if the cap is bothering your, if it is making your head feel really tight take it off."
"So, you can always cut off the greenery."
"What's wrong with it?"" and I always tell them, ""There's nothing wrong with it."" It is a fine bulb. It looks alive."
If it was dry or black or mushy then it would be no good.
"Same thing, if you've got a mama and a baby, that's a bonus bulb."
"So, those are a few tips on selecting bulbs."
These are Alliums; they're in the onion family.
"Well, it's January and I want it to bloom this spring, so it's a great bulb to pick out for right now, and even if it had a little bit of a shoot in the fall, over the winter, my irises are very hardy that even if it freezes or there's snow on them, there's a little shoot coming out of the ground in the middle of winter; it doesn't hurt them at all."
"In this exercise, we will be working the hamstrings very heavily."
Inhale.
Exhale.
I have to tell you why in 1983 this happened and Bobby Knight's been mad ever since.
But give them just enough that they want to keep watching.
That's the key to successful story telling; telling the audience something that they don't already know.
The proof is in the video.
But you have to be prepared.
Even if you're an on-camera reporter you always have to be able to take notes.
But the key to successful story telling is telling the audience something that they don't already know.
But as soon as we place a blue portal this will open and this ball will go into the orange portal and come out of the blue portal wherever we place it.
"Get a bunch of pictures taken with you, with your friends, with the rest of the snow family everything to remember the snow man that you just built."
"In our next clip we're going to discuss and I'm going to show you some steps, on trying to move in half a step."
"Half a step with one foot, half a step with the other."
It requires that air get up under that laptop in order to blow hot air out and to keep the laptop from overheating.
Today I'll be talking about different gift ideas.
Alright we're going to explain a little bit about making spares.
"On this particular spare, I know my game and I'm going to move a little to the right, try to let my ball go to the left hand side of that head pin so I'm sure to make all three pins."
What we see this on typically would be like outer wear.
But like a jacket.
"A videographer's role in a wedding video is to get the candid moments or movement in, during the wedding day."
That's working well with a photographer and you want to make sure that your videographer works well with your photographer that way and doesn't try to take over everything.
And they're too bossy and they can't get in their shots.
But most of it is done through the photographer first.
"And then your engine oil, which the filters visible on this side of the tractor, but it's very similar to this."
One hundred hours.
But at least every one hundred hours or once a year you'll want to change that out for a clean filter.
I brought her in here and I made her get up her and then I said no.
"There are clubs that actually go out and do maintenance on these trails, and it is a nice way to be social and hang out with other people who love the trail just like you and also make the trail a little bit nicer for the next persons that has got to hike through that section."
"If you continually dribble like this, which a lot of guys these days tend to do but, if you keep the ball in front of you and put your hand on the side of the ball, and get moving and get a wide dribble, a wide dribble, a wide base when you do it."
"Okay, the closed stance is demonstrated here."
"So the closed stance, you want to, you can practice, you can use yardsticks or golf clubs, or I've seen some people, they've built a little device so they can keep the club."
So this is a closed stance and the goal here is I'm going to have the club somewhat closed or somewhat neutral.
But then we are going to show you guys how we are going to do it today with our sweet little bottle right here.
"Wash your molds, you never know who's been touching the molds and you know, we won't go there."
"I'll get lazy sometimes after I've made some chocolate and I've molded some chocolate, I will, my molds my plastic actually doesn't look all that dirty but it has some remnant, I'll give you an example, of left over, my last project you know, left over chocolate."
Example number one right there.
"This is a core exercise, you can do any place you've got a floor."
"If you want a real challenge, don't let your body touch the ground."
"You can use avocado oil, peanut oil, baby oil, olive oil."
"But listen, whatever type of oil, you like to use."
"If you choose, go ahead and heat a towel."
How to give a hot oil treatment.
It's excellent for moisture and shine.
Find something that works best for you.
We're going to talk about screaming today in parrots.
The bird is just happy that you're calling back.
"Other things that you can do is, one of the simpler things, is you can come quietly, don't say a word to the bird, come in simply and just put a blanket over the cage."
There's a point where it doesn't become normal.
"There are lots of treats these days, and one in particular that you can put the pill in and close over and it's a treat form of a medication."
And do this all the way across the napkin as much space as you want.
You have your napkin cut you.
You see that we've turned an all over napkin into a nice piece of scenery.
Okay and then once you have that thin layer of glue you want to very carefully place it down on the glue patting it into place.
And don't worry about a little bit of wrinkling.
And then just put a good layer all around on the napkin and look for air bubbles.
If you have air bubbles you want to put a little bit of glue there and kind of squish it out.
So to use an all over design like this that I only want to have on the bottom here to kind of show that they're going to be sitting in the garden I want to cut my napkin.
"But we don't want to cut straight across, we want to use the design in the napkin."
"Pressure, pressure is where you load and unload the board."
"When I jump up in the air, when I land, I have a lot of pressure or if I lift myself up, just before I leave the ground, I'm unloading or unweighting the board."
"We will be looking at per reading is time to be together that is an important concept in reading, that is the joy of doing something together."
"So, if that's still even a little scary for you, you might try having a pillow in front and a pillow under your tail so you're not worried about falling over."
Good.
"She's going to transfer her weight a little bit forward, and just lean her head right on that block, and what this does is takes the fear out of falling forward."
So if you like something a little bit more flamboyant or you're more classic.
So now you want to add the prints to give that little bit of pizzazz to your wardrobe.
They post little threat to divers but I still wouldn't stick my hand too close to their mouth.
Nurse shark males can be easily distinguished from females by the presence of two claspers located on either side of the underside of their body near the anal fin.
They are gray to a purplish or yellowish brown in color.
Four times each.
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
He has to make sure that he knows where the ball is right now.
What that means is if I rub it with my finger I am not going to create a indention but if I stick a fingernail in I get a indention really easily.
I'm going to do some and go the opposite way.
Just to make it look a little bit more like a zebra.
Generally I would do a bit more.
"Now, I'm actually going to use the same color."
"Which is really, really nice."
You can introduce 3 or 4 colors by taping each section off.
Applying a different color underneath and then reapplying tap and adding more color.
The way we create zebra stripes is.
My family is like addicted to it if I don't make it for every holiday they get really upset.
So that's how you can do you can practice a Half-Volley and have fun with it while you are at the park with your friends.
"Well first you want to approach the ball at a slight angle, your supporting foot comes a little bit behind the foot about six inches away from the ball, your kicking foot is going to approach the ball pointing your toes down, locking the ankle, and you're going to be kicking the ball with your shoelace."
"The player holds the ball, he drops the ball and as the ball touches the ground and tries to bounce up a little bit you want to kick the ball, in forward motion by landing with your kicking foot as soon as you have sent the ball to your teammate your teammate will catch the ball with his hands and you will repeat the exercise exactly the same way."
She's going to drop her hands down and place them next to her hips keeping that same width and tension on the strap.
So painting and handy work there so everything looks good when we're done.
"And when he gets the frame--he gets the bumper mounted up there, he'll be moving it with you know the chains and jack and everything to get it exactly straight on the car."
Maybe a Malbec from Argentina.
"If you can't find an Australian Shiraz, look for a Syrah from France or California."
"I like to follow that up with just a few drops of extra virgin olive oil; the good stuff, if you've got it."
"If you're trying to make it in a hurry, that is a good way to go, but typically, you're not going to get as good of a product."
"If you let the soup sit for a while, what you always want to do is give it a good stir before you put it in the bowl."
"Now that we've got it lose, you just pull the cable up over and out of the top bracket, clip it out."
Having proper posture is a factor of how confidence you are and what you’re doing.
"These websites are very interactive, and are very helpful, in keeping up with the team, your favorite players, and being able to find their stats online."
"Now what we're going to talk about today is after you make contact, what do you do?"
You could drop it on the floor and it won't break.
"So what we do is we just take the clay out, take the mother mold off this."
"And you can see how thick it is, and you have to wait for the layers to dry before you make it."
"But, once let's say this piece is lying on the sculpture piece and you just keep painting it on, and painting it on, and painting it on until it becomes thick enough."
When you apply top coat make sure you don't put to much of top coat on your brush then it clumps.
So right here is just enough top coat and it would look shiny for a while for you client and they would be happy.
"Set that there, bring the frame back into the frame--no pun intended--and then I'm just going to set this back in there, like that."
"You don't need a ton, just like one little spray, and then just clean the glass so we have a nice surface to work on."
The frames in the stores tend to collect a lot of dust and fingerprints and so forth.
"To become a psychologist, you first need to major in usually psychology in your under graduate career."
A chronicle psychologist is a person who engages in therapy with patients.
After completing your Bachelor's degree in psychology.
In which you'll work with practicing psychologists.
"A peach should smell very good first and foremost, it should have a nice fruity smell to it."
"The last one we want to talk about is--let's go ahead and have you post, kick it out."
About the only time you don't want to use a bounce pass is when you're throwing from the top of the key to the perimeter.
"But be very careful about the humor that you use, especially if you're using humor at someone else's expense, like we talked about in the last clip."
This style of collar is called a flower collar.
When you pick the mask up and look on the box it should say whether or not it has the anti-glare finish.
"No, you're still going to hit the line drive."
"They either drop down and so oh that ball is down, I need to try and get under it and what do they do?"
"Well, you know what if the ball is right here it's still a strike, so there's no point in letting the ball go if it's down."
"O.k, so the application, we do it on the root, do not overlap on the hair, I would not want to go over my light hair because then it's going to get lighter, and it's not going to look as nice."
"And again, if you don't have an electric nail file, you can do the same thing with a regular nail file."
And that is how you blend the natural nail tip with the natural nail.
"That's why I say maybe go conservative, that's always going to look good."
"There's always just the plain flat front tuxedo, high gloss."
"But, it's not unusual to do some different looks."
This is a cap toe shoe.
"So once that's done, I'm going to take my gift and I'm going to my friend's birthday party so I have made her a mug with some rub ons that says friends."
Well I can help.
And there are two really top ones because they both allow you to pay in Canadian currency and not have to pay in American currency and transfer it over.
"We're going to talk today about how to wash your blue jeans, the proper way to wash your blue jeans."
If you've got a really dark jean you definitely want to use cold.
And you always turn your blue jeans inside out.
Salons carry either hair color removers which will lift any deposited hair color out of the hair while keeping the natural hair color in tact.
The professional color can get a little bit higher volume peroxide which will actually help bring your hair up to a higher level plus counteract any brassiness that it may undergo.
This is going to give my final product a much better look.
Step.
Step and lift and your chest always stays forward.
Step.
Your hip is moving in contrast to the hand and step and lift.
Make sure your hands aren't doing something funny.
Step.
Lift.
Good.
"She's seated in dandasana right now with her feet flexed towards her nose, sitting up nice and tall."
If you just dust it on with a brush it doesn't work as effectively but when you use a sponge it actually will help keep that oil in place.
So as you can see perfectly powder and still looking like herself.
"Also, don't just tell one person."
Maybe tell your mom.
"Tell more than one person, so that in case someone forgets, someone else remembers that you're supposed to be back, and if you're not, they can send somebody out to look for you, so this is how to tell others about going camping."
Tell them very specific stuff.
My name is Otis and that is our passing route plays.
Just exactly is a rain stick ?
"I know that Native Americans, in the south west of Arizona make rain sticks and fill them with the seeds of the cactus."
So won't you join me make a rain stick?
"And the difference between swamp water and regular water is that Syvarris who has a move of five, when he moves over to water, he moved 1, 2, 3 spaces and he has a move of five."
"One, this lock set up properly, installed properly but the deadbolt you will see is actually upside down."
That is one of the things I can stress the most.
"This garage door has an opener and it will hold the door to a certain extent but if you don't use this latch or don't have one of these latches, nothing else is going to help and this is just a quick easy way for someone to get in."
"You might think of creating a pattern, meaning, I'm going to look at that group, then that group, then that group, then this group, then center."
"Get some books, read about the bird."
"And, if you live in an apartment, you might make some neighbors very angry if you're getting the wrong bird."
Know where the bird come from.
"They like to do antics, where they can turn upside down, and flip."
"Check out what the requirements of the bird is, and a little bit about the bird before you decide to go and buy one."
Now a lot of technique goes into ring throws and it's very different from throwing a ball or a club.
This can help guide the path especially for higher throws.
Same goes for this side.
"Doing it outside can be great, but rings are usually light enough that the slightest gust of wind will take them off course."
"So, let's break it down, so one, pick up your foot, two, make sure you good front position kick, Keya, and three."
"So, one more time, one, two, Keya, three."
"So one more time, one, two hi-ya, three."
"Ok, the ball of your foot is going to be right here, right underneath your toes, that's going to be the ball of your foot."
"So, take your foot, put it on the floor like this, kind of like you're wearing high heels and stomp on the floor, you see how strong that is, keep it nice and tight."
"Now, with the decoy route again."
"Set, go!"
"So basically, setting the hair, treating it well, taking care of it, telling them to use certain products at home, like the Moroccan oil which is wonderful, or maybe you want them to use a semi di lino oil."
Thank you.
"This young lady actually was a marine, and her hair was in extensions for quite a long time."
Each of these are components of this computer.
"The laptop itself would be a piece of hardware, but also would be each individual component that makes up this laptop."
That's going to be a piece of computer hardware.
"The keyboard that's built into the base of the laptop is going to be computer hardware, this mouse pad that's on the front is computer hardware."
"When we are screwing in drywall, we want to make sure that the screw just leaves a dimple in the paper for the drywall."
"Hi, my name is Cindy Mastry with Yoga Etc."
Faith is going to help me show the split bow in this clip.
We take three steps forward and then we pause on that right foot and left foot goes up and we stretch.
Get a good walk going.
"If I get walking with him and he wants to get a head of me, I got to pull him a little bit more."
"Hey, this is Tracy Goodwin and I'm the red sweater lady."
"The first coat of finish will be just a little bit thicker than the second coats, and that's primarily just because the wood grain is going to soak it all up and the finish is going to seal that wood grain."
"Rub-ons are really hot right now, and here's one that I've done."
"The first thing I'm going to do is, choose what I want to rub on."
"I just use kind of the heat from my hand, and kind of push it down."
The pack of the rub-ons come with this little Popsicle stick.
Here's some other things you can do.
"Sometimes it takes a little time, but just be patient."
"If 18 standards and six sub-categories seem like a little much and a bit complicated way to teach geography to you, then there is a much simpler way to think about it that will also set your feet on the right path."
"We encourage children to form relationships with the people, the places and the cultures that are around them as well as those that are in the larger world."
"In the next three segments, we are going to go stage by stage, and help you to see what kinds of things you can do to encourage geographical literacy in the early elementary years, in the middle elementary years and then again in high school."
"That's it, so if you focus on thinking about geography as the study of places, people and cultures, you will quickly be able to find ways to integrate it into all areas of your curriculum."
This will help you not to have a blowout or something.
Other tires were bias.
There is a traction rating of AA and there's a temperature rating of A.
This one I think was thirty eight o six.
"Now we're using a pretty, already saturated tarleton."
You can see ink is getting on there.
We have our tarleton.
And you can see it's pulling off more ink and we're getting more of the image showing through there.
"And again, just keep turning around and make sure you're starting off the plate and ending off the plate."
But just keep it moving.
"When a tooth is sensitive to pressure, then it typically will mean that you either have a fracture, something moving inside the tooth, or up against the gum, or an infection contained in the structure around the tooth, be it gum or bone, but it's trapped in between two structures, and the pressure from that infection, causes pain."
We're going to talk about the symptoms of a toothache.
"It means that the rider is just keep her eyes, her horse on one particular cow as the rest of them stay back in with the heard."
She will select a cow that makes her go into the heard in what we call you want to kind of slice it right down the middle.
"I am going to try to hold the heard with just one person that might be a little bit difficult but my job is to keep that heard form wanting to go bust or getting out of the, of the boundaries we have set."
Cows want to return to where they came from so as she goes into get her cow she's trying to keep just the pressure on the one cow that she's after.
"So if you're using the false cast to lengthen your line, you really don't need to make more than about four strokes so one, two, three, four."
Just mambo and come back.
"Shuffle turn, pivot, and back to the bench."
We moved so we had the left shoulder in.
"We did a rhythm change, shuffle, turn, pivot."
Shuffle turn is the first part.
Grab your brake tool you can find it in any local parts store.
"Rotate this upwards it's going to expose your entry front brake pads, real simple just pull them right out."
"Again, do not let yourself roll so far forward that your feet touch."
I really like open hand strikes because you have less damage to your hand and also you don't really have to condition your hand to use that.
"To hit I would use open hand for your neck and your jaw hits, once again using the heel of your hand coming up or coming down."
"Not say that your fish dealer is lying to you or wrong, but different people have different opinions about things and sometimes have different personal experiences from different fish."
"So keep a keep score, say I'm going to play four times or six times, and my cumulative score, I'll remember that for the next time that I play this particular type of solitaire."
First we take some shredded coconut and we pour it in the blender.
Because this shredded coconut is still good.
So that is how you make the good coconut milk.
"This is what you really really want, so I'm going to have to compromise a little, you're going to have to compromise a little, so that we can both win."
"The first thing, we have to look at when posing a solution, is think in terms of win-win strategies."
And what I'm talking about win-lose versus win-win.
The other person loses.
So I don't need to spend time and energy finding a place to put them in this apartment.
"So as I've been unpacking things, I've run across things that I need to return to people or that I don't want anymore."
This white tea is a tea for people who don't like to drink straight white.
Today we're going to talk about how to choose a depilatory wax for your type of waxing.
"When you have larger areas, I find the hard wax is very easy to manage, because you do not need to use fabric with it."
There's a couple different types of wax that you can use.
My number one tip is to bring a friend with you so they can tell you what looks good on you and what doesn't.
I'm Carol Ann with Studio Group X and we're going to talk about how to calculate body fat.
"So a popular measurement is a three site measurement so you are going to measure tricep, abs, and thighs and then you sum up those skin folds, you put it into a formula and that is how you calculate your body fat."
Well for men it is anywhere between 10 and 20% body fat and then for women anywhere between 15 and 25%.
Point two needs to discuss what you plan to do with your platform.
"And unwind the string from the tuning peg, toss it aside, and then using our multi-tool; as you can see, there's a little notch right here, would pop the bridge pin out and remove the string."
"My name is Steve Anthony, and this has been how to string a guitar."
"The rest of em', as you can see, are a little bit discolored and darkened with age."
It doesn’t need to be at a high speed; just enough so that it will mix nicely.
We will start off with the white sugar which is in a container here and we just want to make sure that it is an even cup of sugar.
"If you use these names when you are playing with your dog repeatedly, the dog will learn the difference between these objects and then you can lay them out on the floor and send your dog after different objects."
You also can obviously be playing with a dog that can be moving.
"Once the dog gets good at discovering the toy under a particular pillow, you can actually set up a couple of different pillows."
In my hands today I am holding a dumbo rat.
"He was my first rat, he has a little white belly and little white feet."
"And he is very intelligent, he even knows his name and does tricks."
"But then you won't be able to work with the dough with a wire whisk, so you want a flat beater."
Try to let it sit out for at least half an hour if not an hour or so before you are ready to use it.
"For the amount of butter that we are going to be using, is 1 1/2 sticks which is also 3/4 of a cup of butter."
So most of the problems we encounter are usually resolved with just talking with the patient in a soft spoken way and an empathetic manner so that the patient knows that you can understand what they are going through.
Certainly because we have to take a lot of impressions on teeth or molds.
That means that the hole the screw goes into is kind of wallowed out and I'll show you how to deal with that when we put the chair back together.
April is seated in Dandasana lengthening up from the tailbone to her crown and reaching out through her heels.
"So, the Dandasana pose, staff pose, is one that can counteract the forces of gravity and just life as it presents itself."
"Now, Faith has a very nice, long spine."
So she's going to extend her legs out in front of her.
Same thing here.
"If you are squared, if you're facing the basket, you're going to up your chances tremendously of making that shot."
"If I took their shoulders and drew lines off their shoulders, they are facing right to the basket."
"Now, if he takes a step down to the baseline, he takes a step down the baseline, we don't want him to shoot the ball from the shoulder coming over the top."
"For your table, for any party."
So we can start with just a plain hat and build on from there.
"Okay, I've doused a little bit of this sand trap with water because we got a nice dry, sunny day here."
So I don't have any great advice for you on wet sand because I want you to do what we've talked about and just practice out of it.
First let's talk about what causes hair breakage.
"You can use something like this, they are like rubber bands, but they're specifically for hair."
"Speaking of the bag you want to keep it in a rope bag and keep it out of the dirt, out of the moisture and keep it well protected."
Any time that you talk about doing this you want to make sure that you get the proper instruction on how to inspect a climbing rope and how to calculate the amount of falls it can take.
"Now, this is not just your normal light bulb that you could at your house."
"By the lid of the eye, I mean the ball of the eye, which is where the eye ball protrudes."
No big deal.
This is very similar color as we're using on the lips.
I'm going to do it very lightly.
I'm actually going to use a fluffier brush that I would normally use on the crease because I don't want it to be so concentrated on the lid.
It's too salty it takes and eats up more of the water that you have in your body.
That you can draw from if you do draw from a stream.
That rocks and stuff they naturally filter the water.
The hue is the first and most obvious dimension which usually identifies the color by name.
"And as an artist, as a calligrapher you certainly have your choice about that."
"But you might want to get yourself a thing called a color wheel, which is something that helps you think about colors."
How do you become a television producer?
"It's just hard work, but that's what television... being... that's how you get to be a television producer."
And how do you do that?
Now it is asking what kind of point of interest do we want?
We would pick a restaurant and just like that we have all the places that are remotely close to us.
Chapter 7 choosing your destination with points of interest.
And here we've got a nice little large mouth bass.
"So in, so you always want that slack, you always want that line nice and straight."
"Let it take its line, let it tire himself out and be patient."
It can go wider or shorter.
"And that's important because if this tractor is in gear and a neighbor kid comes up and turns the key on, if it doesn't have this feature the tractor will start, and it's in gear, it will immediately start moving and people get crushed in that manner."
"You will not be protected if you're not in this center area inside the protective zone, so you always want to wear your seat belt when you're on the tractor."
The next thing is a PTO shield.
Keep it cool.
"This person, they don't know it, but they are your enemy."
"When I say go, you're going to try and keep your defender between you and your enemy."
"Before I say go, remember safely first."
And everybody laughs.
You were my defender.
It gets people moving and gets people close together in a way that doesn't feel too creepy.
"That is enemy defender, an improv icebreaker."
I like to facilitate this game with everyone walking around the room.
"The first part is the outer ear, so we examine the external part of the ear which we refer to as the pinna and the ear canal."
The second part of the assessment evaluates the middle ear.
Try to keep your hands and hair away form your face to reduce oil and dirt.
"If you already have pimples, don't pop them."
You can use a towel for this.
Be careful not to put your face too close to the pot or boiling water.
Now a lot of photo copy machines will have a contrast.
Take for example this photo copy.
"Because believe it or not, that's how long it takes, about two or three weeks to get your real estate license."
"You know, you're working that 8 - 5 job and you're probably feeling discouraged right now."
"Horseback riding and horses helping people reach out, reaching potentials in their lives they never expected to."
"If you have a son or daughter or know someone with a physical, mental or even psychological disability, sometimes horseback riding can be really beneficial."
So let's get started.
"I think to buy it's, to buy things in their more natural whole state is best."
This is a couple of organic peanut butter and I'm using the cream make because this is a dip and I want it smooth.
"So, sit-on-top kayaks are great if you want to be out on a day like to today where it's nice and sunny."
"Notice the width on this boat from here to here, that's going to make the boat a lot more stable than other kayaks."
The flatter the bottom also will bring up the stability.
"The first two boats we looked at were about 10 feet long, this one's about 14 feet long."
"So, looking at a sit-on-top kayak, they're all basically the same."
"And if you look at the front and back of these boats, notice how they have V-hull on them, this will make going straight a lot easier for you."
"So, what you give up in going straight in the other boats, you gain in this boat but turning this one will be a lot harder."
They have some type of foot wells or foot pedals in them depending if they do or don't have a rudder.
"But like I said, the best thing about a sit-on-top kayak is the ease of getting in and out."
"With dehydrated skin you want to definitely do proper home care treatments, your masks on a bi-weekly basis, you want to break down your papayas to break down those dead skin cells because you don't want to get that surface build up but at the same time with dehydrated skin moisturizing is the most important step for them as well."
As far as that goes that is the way to properly treat dehydrated skin.
"What's really important here, guys, is that you use your hips."
Nice and slow.
"Right here, guys, we're going to continue to do it for three more counts."
"Five, six, seven."
Let me demonstrate it from the back.
Okay?
You can visit me at parkerhomerenovations.com.
"Now what you do is you'll mount the hinge on the back of the cabinet door two inches from the top of the door, two inches from the bottom of the door on the hinge side."
Now this hinge here mounts on the outside of the facing of the cabinet.
Hi!
There are other things you need to keep in mind about when not to massage your horse.
So who invented homework?
Most people probably want to choke the guy who invented homework.
"Obviously once they're cut up it's kind of, you've got to kind of guess at what needs to be ironed at what, on what level, what setting."
Both on the bottom and the top.
Because lipstick does dry your lips out quite a lot.
"And, get a good amount, spread it around and to the corners of your lips as much as possible."
I wanted to just be a little more random.
"We've got our G, our B, our 1 and our 3, 5 D, G again."
This way I'm on balance.
"Ok, so if he tries to wrestle with me and twist, you know, I can move around."
"At the same time with your opposite leg, in this case your right leg, you want to step back, ok, step deep enough so you're shorter than they are."
You want to punch straight to the solar plexis as you twist your hips.
"So we draw on our triangular mouth there, and opposed to smiling, we're not going to have that evil of a cat, this cat is just frowning."
It'll be a very narrow face.
"And automatically, our cat looks angry."
"Basically going to have the top of the lines be flat, and then our circles underneath."
"Now right away, I haven't drawn anything else, that does not look like the happiest of creature."
I've chosen Ben to do this segment with us because he gets urinary tract infections pretty easily.
The reason why we are in the bathroom today is that for some reason cats are drawn to the bathroom when they're not feeling well.
I would like to advocate feeding your cat wet food which contains a lot of water.
Those are the stationary commands.
Wrong.
The reason we put smoke detectors up high is because smoke and heat rises and this is what is going to set the detector off.
You can get a carbon monoxide at any Home Depot.
You want to use probably just about a tablespoon of shampoo in the basin or sink.
"""Do you want coffee?"
"Do you want a cup?"""
"Also, there's a lot of room on this page."
Some of these things will be happening here so that's how the dialogue functions and that's how we lay it out in the page in the formatting of dialogue.
"Okay, so we have two characters, Evan and Sonia. Evan says ""Hi,"" Sonia says ""Hey,"" and then we come in for a pause."
"So, here's some of the ways in which we can influence dialogue."
"So, there we have a pause in the dialogue."
That's a direction to the actors.
You can buy a pipe that is perforated cause this is a thin wall sewer type pipe.
"On the ends, we are just going to use a can to put in the end and we are going to hold it in place with a little piece of stick."
Now we're going to learn the lift up with your second hand.
"Hooping at the waist, dipping the hand in, turning, spiraling all the way up into lasso with the second hand."
Nice job.
"Now this ring is released from the club but 2007 ring is given from the club only after December 1, 2006 and the ring you have to put on the ring on the youngster when they are only about 7 days old."
More than 7 days old then the leg will become sore and it would be difficult to put the ring in.
You have recently wondered what are your rights about free credit report.
"And what a climax is, is where the character makes a revelation."
And that's okay.
"You never want to say, okay, I'm finished."
But where are we going?
So now I know where the shape that I want her eyebrows to be.
It's called a shaping map.
"Well, my name is Michelle, and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I'm going to explain and show you, on how you can brush your teeth."
"We have a great girl. She's going to demonstrate for us, on how to brush your teeth. It's pretty simple. First of all, you need the set of teeth, and you need a toothbrush, and a toothpaste.You want to place a small amount of toothpaste on to your toothbrush."
For more information contact me at johngraden.com.
"A direct attack just like it implies, I am out where I set point control without a fake, without anything else, I simply step in, pow, and I directly attack him."
"You need to be able to press down, which is why I like doing it on the floor."
I have that gravity working for me and I can press down.
"Hi, on behalf of expertvillag.com, my name is Shelly Roberts with AA Callister in Salt Lake City, Utah, I am going to show you some points about how to do buy a winter horse blanket."
It is a body cover that will usually cover from their chest back to their tail and this is Rudy here.
"If this hair grows in this direction, then go that way and separate your sections."
"It's growing this way, I'm applying this way."
And then I'm going to remove against the direction of the hair growth.
"You know, here we've had four pages in a row that are captioned."
Comics are a visual medium and movies tend to be a visual medium as well.
"But, the thing to remember about comics is that they're also a literary medium."
"And, if you want to do a voice over and include captions, that's fairly easy to do."
Then each girl is going to take a turn.
"Other times, it can just be a free fall."
"Whenever you feel the motivation to start your cheer, you're going want to make sure everyone is paying attention."
We don't just want to do them in the same order every game because then it's going to get boring.
This plant can be grown inside in a bright area or even a low lit area.
This is almost a brown thumber's favorite plant.
I'm going to need to borrow a dollar from a spectator.
Right there.
"When I count to three, let go."
Does it match?
"I take their dollar as I'm reaching for the knife, and put it in my pocket, then give them this wadded up piece of paper to hold."
"So by just even having a few lamps or a few lights or using the lights that you already have, sometimes you can use clip on lights and sometimes even a night light over a plant will make all the difference."
And they will do very well indoors even if it's a tiny night light above them.
It is east facing so it gets the sun that comes up in the morning and then there is no sun in the afternoon.
And it's just enough light for all the plants to have light at night as well.
Now it is usually a good idea to have a neoprene or latex glove or a rubber glove that you are using when you are using steel wool because little shavings can come off and can embed in your skin so it is good to have some kind of protection but when we are using steel wool we are going to use it just like we would any sand paper and we are just going to rub it and we're going to go with the grain so it is very important when you are refinishing wood that you always use any type of sand paper or any type of steel wool you are putting very very fine scratches into the surface so you always want that to go with the grain so that it won't show up.
"The reason we've got them cut down to about a foot square is we used to use a full-length mirror, and some of the boxers still use the full-length mirrors in their shadowboxing, etcetera, but that doesn't give you the actual circumference of your head of a target-type position."
"So, we're going to use about an inch of the hot water, just enough to let the tea steep."
So it won't be effective.
"I'm going to take a brush, dip it in some water, put some of the cleansing gel on it, and then I'm going to cleanse the skin."
We're going to see what it looks like at full speed.
You can see his balance as he comes through.
"What we're talking about first of all is, obviously, balance."
"Now, charm bracelets go way back."
"You can also look for, and these are a little pricey, but jewels and gems inside charms, to kind of make the bracelet a little more upscale."
"He got the dog to do exactly what he wanted him to do, but he taught him the wrong lesson."
You want to make sure that your dog does things because he feels good about doing it.
Out of fear you're going to have all kinds of behavioral problems later also.
She had scratches from here to here.
So this has a front door made of plastic.
Remember you are going to grip the racket and you turn it like that so the racket faces open.
"If you have a nice grip it allows you to come underneath the ball and open the face, under spin is the key to good squash."
Not much variation there.
"It has an elastic that goes all the way round towards back and a pull tab, this pull tab is important cause this is how to get out of the kayak and I'm going to show you how to put it on as well."
"One being the straw, the straw is basically a way of evacuating or eliminating all the spit and saliva that's in you're mouth while were doing dental procedures."
It's obviously dictated by how big their personnel is and the size of the practice that they have.
"In Japan they would steam it, in China they would pan fire it and put it into a big wok and add heat to it to stop the tea leaves from withering."
Several of these are the same way they are very much cowboy looking.
"Most cowboys are very earthy people, people are very earthy people and they tend to lean not as fancy as thought."
"And you want to do that 4, 5, 6 times, allowing your lips to flutter."
"Today, we're going to be talking about road cranks."
"One of the top names in the business, of course, is Shimano."
Okay?
"We just put the string through the hole, in this way."
And this allows us to tie.
"And that pulls this string that we are turning onto the post over the top of our knot on the outside, if you notice."
"When I say the outside, I mean the outside of the hole on the post, you see."
Okay?
"We're keeping a consistency of tension as we're putting the string on the guitar, which helps a whole lot in the string's ability to hold its tune once you're done."
So let's go ahead and see.
Just don't do it.
"It can create some very negative things which if you're in it; it might not seem negative, but to the outsider looking in, can be very negative."
"Gossip can create an in group, the group that gossips together."
Like I said you want to schedule it in your calendar to make sure that you can work in at least 8 hours of sleep especially while you’re on set.
"You may visit me at www.myspace.com/shalon711, thank you for visiting, have a great day."
That's going to start introducing air into the milk and that's where you make your foam.
"Now that we're making a latte, you're not going to do that quite as long as you would for a cappuccino."
"It gives it a nice effect, even if it's not fully spread out, so that it lays completely flat, and the tissue paper, will also be a fun activity for the kids, that can give them more time to glue and paste."
"The reason why again is if it rains tonight this, the rain that will hit here is going to run down this V towards the stone into the bucket."
"Probably, that's about right."
"Because, it actually starts the color process at that time."
Here's an example of a piece in which I used a couple of multimedia highlights.
These are glass flowers.
They can add nice little highlights and touches in your pieces.
It will look beautiful in a piece.
Going towards the crown.
"When I get to the crown, I give it a nice double thumb pressure."
So what I suggest is you take the number one burner and you just unscrew it and take it off and take this number one that has been electrified and I put the globe right on it.
It's made of plastic.
See if you want to get one of those.
If you need it or whatever.
"Right there it's still a little bit greasy, but you can hear on the side over here."
"You've got vents all over the sides and the top, which can easily get cleaner in them and that's going to potentially mess up your microwave down the line."
"Just spray it right on your sponge, and then you're going to use that to wipe up that grease."
Hello!
That person like to eat at McDonald's or Burger King or a restaurant.
This may come off but on regular day paddle if you just want to keep the sun and water off your legs a nylon skirt works really well.
We also want to show you another way to remove a spray skirt.
This is something that you really should practice.
And we challenge our self that if we should capsize we try not to pull the loop at first we practice by not using the loop.
Pull forward then up.
He lets go of the spray skirt reaches around and pushes the back of the kayak and out he comes.
I have a paper plate here you can use whatever you need then put that in here.
You have that and you have some nice salt here to put in.
Now I'm going to talk to you about how to decide if you are going to build a glue in or a bolt in neck.
In addition the fit between this neck and the body has to be fairly precise for you to get the appropriate return of vibration and tone.
"It requires a little more technical skill, you have to be a lot more careful when you're putting this type of guitar together."
Let's begin with what's called a bolt on neck.
"If you put a blanket on and there is dirt underneath the blanket, it is just going to rub on your horse all the time so it is important to make sure that your horse is brushed off."
Then he is going to have three surcingles and we are going to undo those three surcingles and then this blanket also has the tail strap and we are going to take that off as well.
My name is Jared Garbett and I'm with Echo Farms.
"Since most saw players were men, there was nobody who would teach the younger generation how to play."
"I started bringing this art form back into popularity through performances, recordings, lecture demonstrations, but mostly through working with composers of today, urging them to incorporate the musical saw in new works."
"Let's talk about how you keep score in the game of Pyramid Solitaire. Well, you don't necessarily keep score. It can be just a one hand affair, but I do like to keep score."
I have a bit of a competitive nature and I might compete with my previous score.
It will dry up really quickly.
"Certainly, if you go to a zoo or see a dog show, they train the dog to do a series of segments."
"Good, sit."
"But as far as the ""leave it"" command or any other single commands, I want the dog to know that baiting is going to be followed by a particular command."
And that's the Euro knot.
It's also referred to as a Euro knot.
The liners are going to be a little heavier on the inside of the tie and make it a little heavier.
"First thing you have to do is you want to judge your length, how much you need."
Good.
Right?
Excellent.
"Feet together, so my toes line up almost with my heel, I want to bend my knees, keep the belly button pulled in."
So it's going to be one and two on the front foot and three and four on the back foot.
"One and two, back on three and four."
It takes a few more minutes than a chair that's made a little bit better would.
"Now there are about four things that you should really keep in mind when you're purchasing a chair, massage chair for massage."
I'm Sundae with Natural Sundae.
I am using snow stakes which have a little better purchase on the snow and will hold the tent a little more securely than the wire stakes that normally come with your tent.
If you weren't able to get the ground perfectly flat which is often the case you will want to consider where to put your head.
Now hopefully what you did before you came out here was set your tent at home so that you know for sure how it sets up and that you have all the pieces that you need.
Lets get some water marks going right there.
You see these?
And then obviously I did it to this side as well.
"You know that its, its a clean place to wash."
I'm going to give you an example of what I do with the squeegee.
"Every time you take a shower, this is your best friend."
"Now as soon as you feel you have a good seal, you're not done yet, because you want to put some more media."
"So once you get out in to the position that you want to be in, you gotta keep in mind that the waves usually break in one place, repetitively."
That'll give you a steepest face and that'll give you the most speed to take off on.
Another thing to keep in mind is position of your body on the board.
You really have to wait to feel the wave pick you up.
And as you go down you get more speed.
"Once you feel the board moving faster than you're paddling it, that's when you know you've caught the wave."
"Well, their motion is perpendicular to the beach, but the waves themselves come in, and here's the beach, the waves are coming in like this and they're breaking each way."
I think that's a beautiful classic hair cut.
"We've done the sides, we've done the middle and we've done the top and Matt likes his little spiky."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can get a clean classic men's hair cut.
A classic men's hair cut.
"Red cups, red Dixie cups are the easiest to play with and they are the most commonly used."
Ping pong balls are a little bit harder to find.
It doesn't have to be fancy enough to be cool.
That's the way you can control your expenses by using a prepaid credit card and it's not exactly as a regular credit card because the limit is set by you.
"And when you buy and use that card, most of the times they ask you if you want debit or credit, it's because that small tiny debit card can be used as a credit card too."
"It kind of acts as a parachute so as you're going around the corner and that wind is pressing up against this side of the wing and keeping you from tipping over and it causes you to go faster around the corner without letting up, without using the brakes so much."
"Don't nap for too long because then it'll actually drain you, don't nap for anymore than an hour, set your alarm and just lye down, try to relax and even a short nap will do wonders for you."
Sleep helps you prevent a cold in a variety of ways.
"Water helps you get toxins out of your systems, so you don't want to be dehydrated."
"If it's stuff that's going to be sitting out at next years garage sale and you're not going use it in between then, try to get rid of it."
"Put it out, display it, try to talk to people."
If this guy's left handed he wants to catch it more to the left side so he can tuck the ball away and step out of the end zone.
"Also, when you catch it, catch it nice and soft."
"We want to focus on when the ball is kicked and the ball is above you, what are the proper ways to get yourself set in order to receive the kick off."
"You hold the saw in the same manner, but you stand up."
"Some people, mostly I found Switzerland, play the saw kneeling down."
"two, tan-go, close."
"In this clip, we are goin to talk about the Promenade, Promenade and the American Tango."
A calm horse may show you in much more subtle ways that you need to back off or that you need to move from one area to another.
So pay attention to your horse and again know the horse that you are working with and know their likes and dislikes.
BEN GRAHAM: Every kid can play baseball.
You want to make sure you put sunscreen to protect you from the sun.
For example today I have a skirt that is also a; it has pants and it has a skirt so I can actually put my ball inside a small pocket that is right here.
It has hair; you can see the logo of it pretty clear.
When you apply the nails make sure that the fake nails which is the tips is in lined with the real nails so it won't be crooked it when you put it on.
The next nail you have to make sure sometimes people are they use there pencil or some tools that pushes against the nail so it pulls the nail and goes to the left or to the right.
It will irritate the skin sometimes burns and also sometimes when you put on the acrylic and the glue is over the skin water can get in.
That's totally important for the end result.
"The best way to learn how to jump rope, you take your jump rope and then you set it aside."
"You can practice on one foot, on the other foot, but just make believe."
"So jump ropes come in all different styles and lengths, and thicknesses and textures."
It's a light nylon type thing with some good ball-bearing swivels.
"I can see them over in a corner and they're trying their best and they're jumping really high and they're winging that thing over, and this and that, and I say, ""Hold on, stop a minute."
"Hi, name is John Stewart and this is how to find north with or without a compass."
So the kind of massage that's gentle enough for the elderly population is called compassionate touch.
Boys love these.
"And, there are going to go right there."
A dinosaur coloring book.
And this one even comes with its own crayons.
"And then, in keeping with the spirit of Easter, I like to give Bibles, children's Bibles when I am creating Easter baskets for kids."
And these are two great ways to cool yourself throughout the practice and find more focus.
One is holding the breath.
"And just make sure that your finger is always slick with glue, and don't let that glue dry out while you're working on it."
"Now you can also go ahead and put the top glue on first before you work on your next corner, or you can go and do all the corners and then put your glazing glue on the top."
"And again you want to start at the corner and work your way down to the, where it's joined; o.k... Place that down and then just pat the napkin in place."
"Now the wind is actually bringing it closer to the tripping mechanism, so it's not going to trip from the wind, the only way it's going to trip now, and that flag is going to go up, is if we actually have a fish on the line."
Knee.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Drop.
"What I do is let one hip go, then the other hip."
"And, how you get this is I drop one hip at the knee."
The knee comes out a little bit further than the other knee.
"If at all possible, turn your cell phone off."
I'm Ivan Madar.
Also because the ball is being thrown severely from the side it creates a larger angle which makes it more difficult for some batters to hit and that is a submarine pitcher and a submarine pitch.
You can just scruff that.
"But for one of your own cats it can help them feel more secure, and it can also keep them from using their little claws to, to try and fight anything you're doing that they don't like."
Fungus can be another.
Wing and a toe.
Toe.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
"All right, here we go."
Ball.
I'd like to talk another aspect of a healthy diet.
Which I don't subscribe to.
Not all.
"Sometimes raw foods harbor pathogens, like raw fish, bacteria that might be on certain raw foods."
As in the case of carrots.
This is something like you might find in some of the raw food restaurants.
So these type of gourmet raw foods you would have to look around.
You'll see more and more they're carrying some of these gourmet raw varieties.
"I'm referring to tire chains used for traction devices for driving in deep snow, ice or just general poor weather conditions or when you're required by law."
Maybe they are the confidant of the main character.
"Maybe the main character tells them their dreams; explore some of the aspects of what's going on with them, maybe their biography."
So if you have Half &amp; Half then you just use that.
"So, I'm putting."
"Then go ahead and reach for the first rung on the ladder with your crochet hook, grab that and pull that through the dropped stitch."
For filling holes are closet is going to be the worst area just because we pulled out that shelving unit and there was a lot of different bracket that held that in.
"Not everybody can devote that kind of time, but you can devote enough love to give your dog its own little bed so it can always have somewhere to rest and sleep, and they love you back for that."
A lot of people don't like dog hair on the bed or whatever.
"We're going to put some paint on here, not to thick and then we're going to put it on here, do a little half circle, pull away."
That's what we want to continue to do.
They are not always exactly the same.
"So there you go, you just get sort of a bubble."
"Okay, so what we're doing is we are checking our oil in our vehicle, and this is really important."
"But for our purposes, we're going to go ahead and change the oil."
"So, that's checking your oil, and next we're going to go into actually changing the oil."
But even they can improve.
But he's going to breathe all the way up in fact as if the breath is touching the top of his head.
All the way down.
And Brad is going to show us how to breathe deeply.
So the most important thing.
"Put them in your garage or over by the side of your house, and save them for later installation when the summertime comes."
"In these clips, we're going to talk about some of the tips and tricks in order to properly winterize your vehicle."
"The dosing chamber is controlled by a lever on the right-hand side, where you're going to be able to pull it and move the coffee out of the dosing chamber."
And this is the rest where you're going to put the porta filter to dose the coffee into the porta filter.
"One guideline that I've heard is going by--it's somewhere above 20 seconds, so you're going to grind for a little bit more than 20 seconds."
There is a flat surface on the other side you want to use that for the cut off wheels.
Now one way you can tune your instrument is by comparing the strings to one another on the neck.
All of these old balloon tire bikes had chain guards.
"The skipped tooth chains were heavier, and they're hard to find today, but if you find a bike that has a skipped tooth chain, you've got a good old bike."
Because there's a lot of the green peppers and the onions and all the chicken.
"What you always want to look for, I like the curved mascara brushes because they go with the shape of the eye, and then it's very easy to apply on both sides."
There is another orange.
"Really good stuff to practice on, it's much cheaper than your art glass, okay?"
So practice.
I've got them turned facedown here.
You want to spray your glue onto something.
"I'm going to pick up these pattern pieces now, okay?"
"So you can squat and hop, squat and hop, back and forth."
You can also set an object down on the ground.
"So it's like this, back and forth."
"If you want to get a little more advanced, you can actually add a squat into your side hop."
"So, if you want to use the YiXing, you don't have to worry about using any filter, there's already a filter that's inside these teapots and the tea is put in."
"For the lid color, you have so many choices."
I'm going to take a smaller brush and I'm going to go right into this color.
"If you spill a little bit, that's fine."
It's not a big deal.
"And then we will return, remove the mask and add the final touches which will be a hydrating creme."
If you are a client who had very oily skin or little bit oiler skin you would not want to use this mask.
"First off, that this creature comes into play with four 1/ 1 counters on it, which means it comes into play as a 4/4, and it also has Trample."
"Also has the ability that you can tap Clockwork Vorrac, and put a 1/ 1 counter on Clockwork Vorrac, so he can constantly pump himself up, and wait to attack until later, because he does have Trample, and can run over all of the little blockers."
"Perception is how you think and feel about things, people, places, ideas and in order to be a successful interpersonal communicator which is what we all strive for, we have to learn to improve our perception."
It can get in the way of our relationships.
"They can really, they're really right about people when they first meet them and other people will say, oh I have terrible perception, I mean I always judge people wrong."
The mixture can then be applied as some type of rub on lotion or some type of spray on bug repellent.
"I'm Captain Joe Bruni, making this natural bug repellent is one way to avoid the worries of toxic chemicals."
"We just want to have some nice big image, and also you can notice how it takes up the full size of the paper, from left to right, and this is basically how you want to make your image."
"Now as far as getting the original image, you might want to get the image beforehand, and then all the kids have to do is just go ahead and decorate it with different colors."
"That makes things a lot easier and the kids feel more comfortable when they--when the finished product comes out to be something of more of a defined image, as opposed to something that they draw on paper, depending on the age group."
"So the last thing we want to do, get a little bit of water on the bat so it sticks."
And you can see how I'm leaving a mark on one edge of the platter.
"So, it's low, come up and make your regular conventional cast because essentially, the wind is going to carry it through."
"So, it's, and that's how we are able to fish in all types of wind."
We do that mainly with the body and dropping the rod.
"I can do it with all 4 fingers, but in a little more gentler of a motion going towards the crown."
I'm just motioning in circular motions going towards the crown.
And you can see already I'm just going to flub it up when you're sort of zip zap zop zop zip and then you get to celebrate every time someone makes a mistake.
It causes for a lot of mistakes and that get people loosened up and just feeling goofy.
"You're going to get everybody in the circle and one person's going to make eye contact with someone else in the circle, and they're going to clap at them, at the same time they're going to say the word zip, zip, o.k."
"And it’s going to start back over, zip zap zop, zip zap zop."
Yes.
Ha ha.
"So that's a little bit of that jump and justify expert game, where we're setting up leaps in logic or information and then connecting these ideas that seem first to be disconnected."
The leg flute.
Carl is an expert in all things flute related.
"When I was a little boy my oldest sister took flute lessons and I loved the sound of her playing them, so I became fascinated with this great instrument."
"Well that's nice, a little family story there."
"And you can catch it on the fly, which means just catch it in the air, one, two, shot."
"Or you can catch it and dribble, and when you dribble, once you pick up your dribble -- see because I'm moving my foot -- that's one step, two steps, shot."
So as you turn it it turns.
So you have to play with it to see which style is to your preference.
But you really need to look at what kind of navigating your going to do.
But the figure 8 drill; the way you do it is you grab the ball like this and you just want to go and make a figure 8 with the basketball inside and outside of your legs.
"If your horse is injured before you try doing stretches you want to again make sure that you have your vet's clearance on this, that there aren't any contraindications."
And then I take my towel here and I just run it across.
First thing we're going to do is look on the bottom of the bat and we have these two sets of little holes here.
All the sauce and the meat so we can have a nice amount stirring it over and over again.
I'm going to place my meat in here and put it all together.
"Now, the first thing that you need to do, even in a large group, no matter how difficult it is, are learn the students names."
So when you repack a rope bag you want to make sure it's stuffed loosely so that it comes out loosely.
In this clip we are going to be talking more about tea accessories.
"5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open."
It's all going to occur on the B string--okay?
I find them difficult because I always cut the nails a little bit shorter than I was expecting to cut them.
But some people find them very effective.
"They're not personally my favorites, but I know a lot of people enjoy these."
These types of trimmers are my favorite.
"So, I'll shift down two or three gears for my climbing gear, just to have a little bit of extra purchase when I'm on the descents, to create some more speed, and take it from there."
"If you are a pretty direct, bold person you can simply make a statement, ""I don't want to talk about them, they're not here to defend themselves."""
Another thing that I like to use is a face shield respirator combo.
"This is a face shield that also has a respirator with it, and by wearing this, I don't have to wear this."
There much more of a smelling snake with that tongue and the Jacobson's organ like we talked about before.
This is in response to the colors of the coral snake verses the milk snake.
One of the things that they use as wood they use several different kinds of wood.
"When I say many years at least a hundred, if it is taking care of properly."
It is hard to determine what each one is without really knowing your woods.
It's a different type of throw.
So the staker throw you are actually going to throw it with just this part of your hand.
"Your core is engaged, that top leg is stabilized and lengthen out through those toes and when you complete about 10 to 15 reps then switch and go to the other side and that is hot potato."
"Okay, the next defense drill we'll discuss is on the ball defense."
Now we can lower the vehicle slightly so that the weight of the vehicle would be held by the jack stands and also by the jack.
You don't want to over-gesture or under-gesture.
"You have to work in the moment on your organizational skills, and good public speakers are very organized, but you don't have any notes to follow so you have to logically think as you go about how I want to present this."
"If I don't have any notes to look at, I don't have a script to read then I have no excuse, no reason not to work on my eye contact with my audience."
"I don't have any notes, I don't have any guidelines, I don't have any outline, I don't have anything, so I have to respond to feedback in the moment."
"You ask me the question, I think about it, I respond."
And also draw you eyes especially to that area with the shine and the silver.
"Or you might play around with it and put it over a dress...a red dress, a black dress, to give it a little bit of a waist definition."
"But the letters should be measured, and you should give yourself guidelines where I've made a stack of eight pen widths, and that's going to be the height of my letters."
So we're going to be starting there.
And if I was to start I'm going to make eye contact with someone in the circle and I'm going to clap at them.
"Once they get it, they're going to make eye contact with someone and they're going to clap at them."
Making sure you really connect with people and deliver the clap right to them.
"It's simple, it's classic."
"So this is the vegetable part of the meal and in macrobiotics we actually catorgorize vegetables into three groups we have the root vegetables, the ground vegetable and the leafy greens."
It looks like it's ruined or damaged or something.
"We talked about what blood pressure is, and how blood pressure fits into the JNC guidelines."
This is rear facing only seat it is designed to put in the base and to dine where you install the base.
"This seat is used for convenience so that you can put this in your stroller, you can take in and out of the house, it is a good way to carry the baby in and out."
"The different colors that are distributed in the water; there may be an amber color, it may be black, it may have a floating foam and these different colors and these different elements that appear in water which originally started out clear are waste products from your circulatory system."
So make sure you have a large clean towel nearby.
"If the towel is not large enough, obviously you won't be catching all the moisture and you're going to have a mess everywhere."
"The other types of wheel there are is - this is called the kick wheel, and this is for obvious reasons."
"You sit down on it, and you kick it as fast as you can."
And I also drew some shadows around her face so that you can see that the mass of her hair is casting a shadow on to the edge of her face.
Because they are receiving the least light from overhead.
"The third drawing of hair is for a person with kinky hair, hair that's finely textured but very coarsely curled."
Practice drawing hair then you'll get good at it.
So the first drawing I did here is a girl with very dark hair.
And I have some mass areas that I made here that I just completely blacked in with my dark pencil.
"Hi, my name is Rachel and I'm the owner of a austinstylewatch.com, street fashion site, and I'm also a freelance reporter."
"With a fake leather it's more like a printed pattern and you're not going to see any pores and you're not going to see any of the natural leather imperfections, you're just going to sort of see a perfect leather-printed pattern."
"So the first tip we're going to do, and this seems really easy and it's actually not always possible, but just look at the label, see if it says ""leather""."
That's what?s in the middle of the blanket.
One of the things you want to consider on a winter horse blanket is the insulation value.
It's actually done by the edge of the board.
It requires coordination.
"One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
"So just step touch and when we put our foot down you just want to put a little pressure in to it so step, touch, step, touch, step, touch, step, touch this is step touch to the side and now we're going to bring it back."
What you want to do is make sure your knees are bent.
It's very easy to cut with wire cutters.
"So you don't want to use really delicate wire cutters, because you'll put little nicks in them."
The important thing is to make sure that this sit is not reused and doing that we want you to cut out the hardness straps.
"Then from there you zoom out, and you set your shot, and then you get ready to go."
"That way because obviously the face is going to the subject of the shot, that way you have absolute focus on there."
"Now when you're zooming you always want to make it smooth if it's on air, if it's not go right ahead and zoom in fast, zoom out fast, which ever you want to do."
"And then with your focus what you want to do to get proper focus on a subject, is you want to zoom in all the way to that subject, and with your focus you want to either take your focus inward or outward."
"Generally, this information was provided you when you were sent the credit card."
They have a website at www.ftc.gov and a toll free no. 1-877-FTCHELP. I'm Robert Todd and thank your for watching.
So you want to drill each arm separately before adding them together.
"One, two, switch, three."
So we are going to start with our elbow.
Then the elbow is going to drop.
Then the wrist is going to drop.
Now our door sweep does adjust up and down depending on how much gap you need to fill.
You an pick this up at a cleaning supply store for $15 to $20.
It has a spot for your sponge and a spot for your squeegee and you can put two or three different size squeegees in there.
"Remember my foot is tucked against my other knee, alright."
Remember my take off leg is my right leg.
"So when I'm in my last step, my fifth step, I'm going to put my weight on to this leg because the more weight and power and push I get on this leg, the farther the board will go down, OK."
"Again, tap, work up toward the hair line."
I call this my Don King brush.
This right here would be a bad corner and the reason it would be a bad corner is because both drywalls from both sides of here do not meet up straight inside here and since it did that there is no meat for this to grab on to right here and it just makes it harder for it to set in place.
That's why they have them.
"When you go in, be focused and ready to go for the interview."
"So this super complicated dial, knob, over hear."
"Then from there, like permanent press, short, and pre-wash, I honestly don't use that much."
"Hi, my name is Lauren and today, I'm going to discuss hair drying tips."
"Get a round brush, if that you want to tri...curl it under."
"You're going to roll it in, almost as if it was a curler."
"So if you were looking to roll it under, it will actually help your hair stay there."
"Emulsify the product really well within your hands, go through the ends of your hair first, and then work your way towards the root in order to prevent putting too much product, and give, giving your hair more of a greasier look."
And that is tips on drying your hair.
"This is a hard black bean, it has not been cooked, it is really quiet small compared to the pinto bean."
This is very typical iron stone piece right here is just a blank white iron stone it comes in a you'll find it they use this type of iron stone in 19th century and we've talked a little bit about in different series.
You'll see it in flow blue in what we showed you in mulberry which is an iron stone base like this a heavy piece.
Does this sound simple?
"Well let me tell you something, it is simple."
Why do we work on our game?
"Now, imagine Tiger Woods with about 2,000."
"Imagine 2,000 people watching you put a 3 footer in the last hole to win the U.S. Open."
"Your hands and your clubs swing it back. Your arms swing you’re the club at your target. On a full swing, the hands and club start it back and your arms swing the club at the target."
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
"We have nice, pretty hair here."
"First and foremost, when you make biodiesel, both will make biodiesel but new vegetable oil is always going to be easier to make."
This is waste vegetable oil.
"In fact, for a gallon of canola oil, we're running almost $4.25 a gallon."
"However, it makes great biodiesel and in fact, most of the commercial biodiesel made in the United States today is made from new oil."
"Now, I want to show you what the difference looks like."
"Because the next time you open your bag and pull out your kite, all of a sudden, you're going to find all this nasty mould wrapped around the entire thing."
"And, if you look at the kite, you can see that this kite has a good amount of sand on it."
I use my kite everyday it's windy and I need to make sure that these kites are always in proper working order.
"Now, let's see how the minus sign works."
"Hi, I'm Charles Stewart Jr. and I'm going to tell you what to do if your computer freezes up and you need to shut it off."
It'll shut off the computer.
"So, then you would need to take it to a computer professional to take a look at it from there."
Ask questions.
"This will give you the proper way to get the right tire, for your car."
"It's better for winter driving, and there are tires with more aggressive tread than this."
The chest part dips.
Make sure it falls in the middle of the chest.
Such as the diagonals on this bra which makes it look kind of more swimsuit inspired.
There's no mid section.
"This is going to put off good heat, but it's also going to help light the area really well."
This is going to be great in case you are really cold.
"Some of the best things about it are going to be the flavor, affordability, and accessibility."
You can find it almost anywhere.
"“Yes or we could drive a bus."""
"So, this is a little ""yes, or"" demonstration."
"Every line we say is going to start, except for the first one is going to start with ""yes or."""
"So, here we go. ""Let's plan my birthday party."" ""Yes or we could go get your car washed."" ""Yes or we could go shopping for my birthday presents.”Yes or we could go see a movie this afternoon."""
"They have a list of everything from what is OCD to support groups, how to find a doctor in your area things that are going to be really useful and helpful to you."
You could go to a local library and look up some information.
"Once you have the basics, go to someone who knows what they're talking about so a doctor or a therapist someone who could really help you."
"Keep going, keep going, it feels really good."
You might find each time he exhales he's able to come into it just a little bit deeper as he opens up through his side body just a little bit more.
So Willie is going to lift this leg up for me. Just bring his knee up into his chest. He's going to take his arms out to the sides in a T. Good.
"Now as a partner, your job is to keep your partner's shoulder leveled."
"I'm going to ask him to inhale in and as he exhales, I'm just going to give gentle pressure to his shoulder and pull his hip long to lengthen out through that side body."
On his next inhale I'm going to release and then on his exhale I'm going to press his hip over.
"Are you ready for an advanced combo with you rocking reverse undulation? I'm Johanna, and this is Karen, and we're here with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio in St. Petersburg, Florida."
"Now forward, back, forward, back, forward, back, forward, back."
"Make sure you practice that in front of a mirror, and soon you'll have a nice, smooth undulation that goes forward and back."
"Keep it going, and back, two, three, roll up."
Let's watch Luis as he takes a shot.
Now watch as he really drives through this one.
"We're talking today about how to improve our marriage relationships, specifically, how do we pamper our wife?"
Do these things to make her feel special.
"And also, make sure that she has the physical attention that she needs. Are you holding her hand? Are you....are you putting you arm around her?"
There's other things that you can do.
She had to learn about to understand what it was that she had brought through.
Now if you compare these two stones you will get to know the difference in the color of a diamond.
And as we keep on going down the shades keep on decreasing.
"Now, I show you just to give you a brief example, I show you the two diamonds just to know the difference between the colors."
So if you find a net that says AVP quality or AVP certified that's going to be the most durable net to use when playing outdoor volleyball.
If you are not serious and just use it for recreational use you can find one a pretty decent one at a sporting good store.
So when going to a sporting good store a lot of times you'll find there's badminton and volleyball packages and there are combination packages.
So that is what the professional volleyball players use.
That's the third way I'm going to show you today how to make your going to take a half of loaf french bread and show you how to make a pizza on this.
Soon as that garlic bread comes out you add some sauce add some shredded cheese put it back in the oven 350 so the cheese is melted you got a great pizza on your garlic bread.
The next step is deciding what sort of jean you're looking for.
"But they're very quick frogs, live in the water's edge, hop around in the mud close to the water where it's wet, and in the springtime they can be rather noisy if you're in an area where they're calling."
"This is a very small frog, about that big, that occurs in the southern United States, and they actually look kind of like toads, because their skin is bumpy or granular."
"Some of them have stripes on them that can be green, some of them have a reddish stripe."
They get their name cricket frog because of their call.
"Today we're going to be learning to play Portal, a game by Valve Software."
And that's chamber 03. Off we go to the next one.
You can use any coffee that you want for any espresso shot.
"So, I use these two guide posts so I can keep the club on a pendulum type motion and that will help make my putts that much more accurate."
"So, you've got to find a way to get this nice pendulum motion."
"So, you're using your body to putt because you don't want to use your hands when you putt."
Bring it up high.
Next we're going to add pineapple juice and orange juice.
There's orange juice and pineapple juice.
This bullet here has more lead content in it.
There is something called a Brinell hardness of bullet.
The marine organism we're going to identify now is the peacock flounder.
They spend most of their time skimming over the sand near reefs.
"They start their life like a normal fish, swimming upright with eyes on both sides of its head, but as they mature, one eye slowly moves to the opposite side of its body until both eyes are on one side and they can lay flat on the bottom without being noticed."
That's the peacock flounder.
"And the bancha as well they add rice kernels, and they call that genmaicha, which is made from, again the same style tea, it's just when it's picked."
"It's about 3 feet high, and it's picked 4 times to 5 times most through out the year."
"We kind of smoked out the outside with the brown but I really want her eyes to pop, especially since it's got that orange."
"And look at the difference by just adding a little bit of this eyeliner into the eye, what a difference this makes."
"However, if you already have access to that individual's driving record, you may have the driver's license information, which you can then put into various databases, to find out whatever information you're looking for."
"To make sure you do double your harness back, take the end of the strap, pass it back through the first loop and the buckle you put it through."
You are then going to move on to your next section working your way from the bottom up and it makes it a little bit easier.
You don't want to take sections that are too big because otherwise you can get lines that are within your hair.
"All you have to do to put it in your ear is to slide this through your ear and clasp it right there, and that is your hoop earring."
"And, you'll definitely get the benefits of flexibility by doing this stretch."
"The benefits of stretching with a partner, is the partner will actually help you go a little further than you can do otherwise by yourself."
